[Hating Sleep]
Dream journ, like sojourn’s about diaries. That what is upon the television and the Earth is together a diary.

Saw Sophie,
Speed rubber donut boats,
Massive playground amusement park,
Too polite, not opportunistic at all
———- {These lines indicate different days}
Me and my brother being judged for our career potential,
Only seeing the judge, no one else.
My email not professional enough (real life email platform, outlook?)
My brothers email was a perfect example but it wasn’t his (real life email)
Too agreeable, not ambitious at all.
———
Swimming in pool
Walking in forested area, long path, troubled by people, threatened to rob to no avail.
No one acted with as much purpose as I.

Dream mean
It’s unclear that what I saw mattered,
I despise the familiar people that I saw, either that or I am annoyed at what they’re doing in the community. It’s possible that I’m only frustrated with the activities they are involved in which I met them in.
————
I could recognise how I acted by the character of the I remembered were participating in some activity with me.
I haven’t been interested in measuring my performance in a long time.
There’s a manner of my paying attention that confirms my suspicions of me not wanting to determine the value of my own behaviour, that is were I suggest to the people around me that I’m uncertain, afraid or against what they are about to do.
————-
The fact I dreamed about something I would have liked to happen, with no other details, I.e. only satisfactory experiences, suggests I had been able to freeze everything in my dream.
Things do not have significant movement and therefore this is the means to which I can manipulate to create the objects that I desire the most.

Dream Fast
I’ve seen everything of the SpaceApp that I need to in regards to it’s initiation, I can’t deny the beneficial affect it will have on the community.
There’s no reason for me to think that I stay and act within the community when I dream because I understand and have a feeling of everything in the community when I wake, and this cannot possibly be the same environment that I received such a pleasurable sensation from that I completely withdrew from my memory which I can easily deny.
I can tell why we call certain experiences or suggestions dreams within the community, because we do not want to communicate anything that’ll cause us to disregard the benefit of our memory which will only cause us to feel forgetful and anxious unless we feel like we’re doing something pleasurable.
————
Concern about where I go in my dreams is a concern about how beneficial my sleep was compared to others in the community.
To imagine I went up into a high or great place in my dream is to restrict my desire to interpret my life in regards to situations where I think I can understand my authorities and where people I have influence over can determine my behaviour.
The velocity of dreams is a guaranteed opportunity to feel the reality or integrity of my self-esteem.
————-{These lines indicated different days}
Right before I make a decision about what to think I have a feeling that I am able to prevent, resist or delay my own actions: This leads me to understand the experience we call tiredness, dreaming or sleep as a result of the collective responsibility we all have for each other. This is further supported by the sense of privacy sleep provides, equality that tiredness provides and the lack of creativity involved in the dream state.
Unfortunately remembering your dream is a representation of losing influence in the community due to what occurred in your dream.
I admit that dreams I can remember are illusions or delusions of unfulfilled aspirations.

Submission requests can be mistaken for consensual action if the requester is offering a service or seducing the requested.
Privacy Policies can limit someone’s liability, I.e absolve them from responsibility, as boundaries of preference are created to seperate the identity of some objects with the environment (e.g internet infrastructure) from the user’s objects in the environment (e.g. the content they create on the internet), confuses disputes about privacy with.
Three options divided by itself like,
   -               ——        ——       ——
      ——       ——        ——
   -               ——         ——      ——
We have a function to detect something f and for this to be detected I must detect the first two character spaces in case something else could have been called(interpreted), such as function. Stochastic Multiplicity Amplification-Specific Hypertext.
The words in a sentence are said at a frequency as a particle or wave on its pivot, flipped around, multiplying perpendicularly, going within flipped around; this allows randomness(stochastic specificity) to be conceived through the relationship between a host and their words.

To claim something is unmistakably conscious behaviour, or under the control of themselves entirely, suggests you are acting unconsciously.