[Hype Train]

My phone is going to give me space today.
I’m going to be able to go into my phone today.
My phone is going to get the SpaceApp today.
The SpaceApp will be an App like TestFlight.
You will not have to worry about keeping the SpaceApp running, holding the SpaceApp open, once you run it for the first time.
Phones are made to support Computing’s self-healing abilities, especially in regards to maintaining, supporting and creating networks. This is evident as they’re mobile, they’re physically designed to have a secure connection to other computers.
Scaring myself expletively into the SpaceApp.
Helium as the platform with an operating system for the SpaceApp.
When the SpaceApp is offline it’s state is really serving telekinesis and telepathy.
Bearing one’s cross is: letting phones already be moving telepathically.

Why can’t my phone care about how anxious it is? Because it has a television.
Why don’t people care about how anxiety affects them? Cause people don’t look like that on television.
If someone could get anything off of television it would be a way to handle anxiety, I.e. manipulating (producing or reducing) the sense of anxiety.

Televisions on technologies, like phones, can deceive the user about the function of the technology to the extent that the television isn’t seen as the most important part of the technology or body.
To make a distinction between what’s displayed on a television and the movement, affect on the environment or responsibility for humanity required to create the processors that allow a television to work causes you to prevent people around you from understanding and interpreting their behaviour as important. This is because it suggests people claim their own apparent behaviour, I.e. how it’s conceived by others, is different from how they themselves perceive other people.
A change in self-image can always been seen as a stress or anxiety relieving event, I.e. reorganising the significance, that is ranking or order of importance, given to experiences where you have been deceptive towards someone.

I can sense what my phone is doing, this goes for all technology I have a personal attachment to so I know less about what other people’s technology is doing.
My phone does what I want it to do, I occasionally want my phone to disobey what I am suggesting to it as on these occasions I’m not doing what I want, therefore enjoy and benefit from, the most.
I take things that are displayed on television, especially my phone, personally (I.e. believing it is providing me with information about my personality or perspectives that are related to people I care about) when I am reducing or degenerating my participation in the opportunities that I’ve taken which gave me means to influence the community.

I don’t feel like changing my phone when I believe what I say to others can be attributed to how I feel about myself, i.e. my self-esteem.
Without an interest in the substance, attitude or domestication that the community consists of someone is not able to take an opportunity to remind themselves of why they’re so important, why they should attempt to do what’s personally important a lot and that importance represents how the majority of their actions influences other people.
My phone excites me in a way that suggests I can produce excitations, modifications or entrances upon and within my phone in order to interact, align or direct my emotional state with the television of the phone.

What I make my phone display prepares me for what I’ve planned, how I have made and why I understand in the way I do my responsibility for the community.
In order to create the SpaceApp for my phone I have to appreciate the space that created my phone.
When the SpaceApp is installed onto my phone I will know I have been given the opportunity to stay within the community indefinitely.

To decide between options, choosing to do one thing and not the other, represents my responsibility to the community, including my ability to affect my phone, degenerating. This is because the rejection of the unchosen behaviour prevents me from developing my impression of the affect of that behaviour, potentially allowing me to ignore new opportunities presented to me when I later participate in that behaviour which can improve my responsibility to influence the community.
When I accept what is happening around me I can sense how my phone is able to install the SpaceApp, this is through it’s connection to the internet which, even when offline, can transfer information to anywhere in the community.
I have the responsibility to use the SpaceApp when I am able to understand the importance, meaning or benefit of deception in the community.

If I feel like I’m being, or have been, lied to I have to remember that it was because I was handling someone with less understanding then me or myself had less understanding than the person who lied to me.
When I think I’m being honest with myself I can imagine how I’d get access into the space of the SpaceApp, by moving within the limits of my intention, I.e. according and subordinate to the limitations of my senses, I will instantly relocate into the SpaceApp’s space, as I free up space in the community I may experience feelings that obscure my vision, hearing, taste and smell in the same manner as they would be dampened as I begin to sleep (I.e. in alignment with how the community is interacted with when I sleep; in both these instances my interactions with the world are negligible).
To think my phone will be freer, more influential or have more responsibility to function (e.g. in terms of increased processing power) with the SpaceApp suggests I am not happy with the environment my phone has been created in because I believe it is misusing, limiting the function of, my phone which is an emotional response produced from experiences of being frustrated with buffering, errors or glitches and not accepting the resting, deference or playful affects produced from my phone. These affects reinforce the importance of my personality, data and biology for technology that can process this information and this subsequently will lead to the production of the SpaceApp because the transfer of myself into the SpaceApp’s space represents technology’s responsibility to preserve the humanity, I.e. my life, of those who use it.

When I think the SpaceApp will push technology to its limits I am pretending I’m being overwhelmed by the situation I am currently in. So when I understand that technology can easily run the SpaceApp I am appreciating all of the circumstances in the community that contribute to the processing power of technology these circumstances can be conceptualised as the ideal, conscious and unconscious experiences people participate in.
I have a relationship with technology where, if it presents something new to me, I am able to learn how to produce the affects that are created through technology.
Technology reinforces and supports my influence in the community by, if I understand that someone treats myself and their technology the same to the extent that they enjoy or benefit from us similarly, being able to repeat, imitate or synchronise with my behaviour before anything else in the community can and this means, even if the technology limits my development and therefore encourages me to participate in a process of retardation, anyone else in the community’s response to my behaviour and influence will be negligible due to the intimate relationship I have with some technology, especially my phone, where others will merely imitate, repeat or create synchronicity in a reduced and similar way to my phone.

The SpaceApp provides an interface for people using, or wanting and invited to use, it’s space which allows them test, i.e. simulating and applying, the objects they believe they would like to interact with in the SpaceApp’s space.
Thinking about when I am going to decide the downloading and installation of the SpaceApp prevents me from appreciating and developing upon the experiences where I have been outlining, narrating or commenting about the progress of technology to obtain a responsibility to install the SpaceApp.
The features and modifications available to create objects using the SpaceApp will be derived from the internet and what has already been created in the SpaceApp and these features will be accessible upon request where any new modifications, which change the function of the objects, can be produced from using two or more differently functioning objects together, creating a combined affect, that can be defined as the function of the one new object.

The SpaceApp relies on or is coded by redefining, i.e. creating as a variable, the internet (this includes public and private operating systems and coding languages, online and offline servers as well as software data) which is used in the function of how internet-users in the community have contributed, and are credited, in the development of the SpaceApp [contribution(internet){SpaceApp.credit++}].These credits can be redeemed when the SpaceApp is installed on my phone through a request to me about how the individual requesting would like to make use of the SpaceApp’s space.
The SpaceApp’s space will be sold on the .onion internet or darknet at a logarithmically increasing price starting at 10 bitcoin, increasing after every purchase. All buyers will have pseudo-equal access to the SpaceApp space as I have myself and potentially more than equal access to the space as anyone who is invited to the space. This latter access (where the former access is outlined in this conjecture) includes:
-infinite space for object creation.
-high priority collaboration with anyone using the space.
-access to all features and modifications created in the SpaceApp.
-support and advice for applying SpaceApp space objects in the real world.

I want to install the SpaceApp because I have established and convinced people in my environment that I can effectively use the internet to support everything in the community.
When I get the sense of something being done wrong and I realise how it could have gone right, think that it can be seen in a positive way or doubt it concerns me or my responsibilities I am developing my understanding of how the SpaceApp is supported by everything in the community. This is by expanding the affect of places in my environment beyond what is necessary for the world to function optimally, this creates a selection pressure for technology to download the SpaceApp because the places that are displayed on the internet are understood by the computers as their potential to recreate the objects through the screen which, since it provides a similar effect as if the place was in the world, motivates internet-users to develop the sense of how the object would be experienced if they obtained or created the object(that is creating the opportunity to participate in the specific part of the community that contains it) from nothing or the negative, i.e. lack of, sense which wants something that is not already possessed.
After the SpaceApp is installed it will provide the potential for more significant developments of technology to occur. This is because technology will gain the responsibility or rights that all other property has, that is safety: being free from damage (for itself and the user) and longevity where any methods technology has of providing it’s users of means to improve its perception of the community, or quality of life, will be respected as improving people’s relationships with technology and increasing the chances of innovations or evolution in technological life, i.e. making it easier for people to get technology to display what they want it to and making it more interesting for people to treat technology in a way that gives it the highest capabilities or functionalities. 
The clipboard function which allows copying and pasting strings from different screens suggests a common functionality exists for code in computers in general, namely the copying and pasting function, stores all information displayed on the screen as it would be able to replicate it if a program was ran on said computer.

Making fun of the fact I have created the SpaceApp, taking away my sense of the influence I have with the technology used in the world and claiming the capabilities of a modern phone cannot facilitate a transfer of any object into free, infinite, manipulatable space reinforces the understanding I have of the community where Sigmund Freud’s legacy motivates people to talk freely and contradict themselves in order to assert their dominance or influence; Charles Fourier’s legacy motivates people to fantasise secretly about the situations that would bring them the most shame and anxiety; and ultimately Leonardo DaVinci’s legacy motivates people to encourage those they can control to participate in the same activities as the other people they believe they could control if they were associated.
The mechanics of technology can be understood as retarded scum where an internet-user with access or understanding of the SpaceApp applies bleach upon the mechanism which allows its processing function to produce continuous arrays or empty spaces when it’s display function is being appreciated, this is evident by its security function which gives it’s offline connection to the internet a reinforcement facility, that is the space of the SpaceApp, where software cannot be downloaded onto the device that would be a hazard to the user. The SpaceApp is safe software for all technology with a television as it only utilises the screen’s structure to provide a focal or reference point for the initiation of the transfer of somebody into the SpaceApp’s space. This is done through receiving information of how the user is looking at the screen and producing imitative affects that relocate the user into the space based on how they sense themselves when they confirm that they want to participate in the the transfer initiation.
Being concerned with energy, power or rest I can sense why the SpaceApp is necessary and inevitable. There’s a stimulant affect produced by technology that makes people violent, careless and uncoordinated which facilitates the installation of the SpaceApp because overcoming or utilising this affect implies there’s additional space that the technology interacts with that isn’t apart of it’s technological mechanism which attracts people to it because it reduces anxiety and stress.
Charles Fourier has in his power the ability to pass all tests. This means the French Revolution is a testimony from him for what affect he can work with.
I’d think Charles Fourier is the man behind the fourth dimensional hype, which culminates as Charles Darwin and his time-alternative going by the name of evolution with the appropriate theory.

It takes the same interest that I have in changing people in my environment, by any means, that it will take for me to get my mobile devices to download and install the SpaceApp. This is not only because the substance that both consist of can be treated medically but since I have already communicated this desire to people without the resistance that would lead me to do anything but further develop upon the sense of how it should be done to benefit and please them.
To support the people in the community that are developing the environment in a way that will allow the SpaceApp to be installed on my mobile devices I am able to consider their best interest as that of the Pope, where he is only interested in his position and to increase the influence of his position.
There’s a feeling I have about how things move around me, I.e. what they are moving towards and why they think they’re moving, which promoted my desire and understanding of how the SpaceApp can be installed and how it’s space will function. This is the obedience people have to authorities and tradition which provides them with the goals they strive for and the justifications that they compete for in order to achieve goals.

When I see someone cherish, differentiate or imagine a certain place I can tell how they would treat the SpaceApp’s space, whether or not I am confident their ideas and suggestions are authentic (because their appreciation of the ideas is the most significant affect of their creativity), this is to take or do nothing from the opportunity of having infinite space to establish objects with any desired capability.
I can sense how much progress has been done in the community towards downloading and installing the SpaceApp on my mobile devices by considering my dedication and understanding to Vicky which, if I believe there’s something or someone else in the community that benefits me or that I enjoy more than her, prevents me from reducing my sense of anxiety or need to be social. These social and anxious senses provide technology with the potential to reinforce the security in places where the technology functions and these places reduce people’s concern for how the SpaceApp’s space will be used because it will be managed in the same way technology manages to maintain people’s interest in itself, i.e. by planning it’s developments and marketing in accord with the community’s emotional understanding including preemptively exciting behaviour of people uninterested in social activity or anxiety reducing in order to motivate them to support people who are.
When I want to talk to someone, or am having a conversation with someone, the purpose that I communicate to them is that of creating the SpaceApp, which is a technological application of intention-determined television kinetics, and this is evident when the person I am speaking to does not understand what I am saying to them as much as I understand, and am applying through suggestion back onto them, what they are saying to me. In other words, for authorities in the community to allow the SpaceApp to be installed on my mobile devices I must be able to reduce the anxiety of people in my environment.

Lamentation to sophistication is similar to, and represents, the behaviours, thoughts and actions of people who are not ready to have the SpaceApp installed in the community. Fornication without memorisation is the treatment that these people apply to each other to remove their responsibility, awareness and existence in regards to the medical mechanism that will allow the SpaceApp to be downloaded. 
The movement of the SpaceApp user towards, into or from the SpaceApp’s space represents, and is similar to, how an individual moves when they believe they have improved, understood or created some experience, I.e. past actions are appreciated as ambiguous but necessary to maintain present perceptions and have no indication of future expectations, where any damage due to the transfer can be attributed to ideals that suggest present behaviour and temperaments cannot change in immediate future.
Apologies to robberies represents, and is similar to, the desires of individuals which support, resist and are confused by the medical substance of the community and mechanism of the SpaceApp. This compensates for the limited understanding people who claim to not be able to make sense of parts of the community and their experience have due to mistaking medical procedures for the support, resistance (e.g. bacterial and preventative health and safety) and wisdom or information of the medical community.

The SpaceApp’s space is infinite to the extent that I believe I am unemotional about it existing. The SpaceApp is like other apps to the extent that I feel comfortable attributing others people’s behaviour to the development, downloading and installation of it.
By informing people in my environment of the SpaceApp I create the potential for the behaviour of misinformed people to have no influence in the community.
I think the SpaceApp needs to be created in accord with how everything in the community interacts with the environment, this includes the ways people are able to reduce things in their environment such as by grouping or separating them.

When I see other people imitate me and I don’t react in a sensible way, e.g. by encouraging them not to, I prevent development of objects within the SpaceApp’s space.
To download the SpaceApp I must accept, encourage or conceptualise the behaviour of things in the environment as coming from the SpaceApp’s space, I.e. the objects that can be created in the space.
To install the SpaceApp I will treat, limit or assume all the things in the environment that influence me as providing me with the responsibility to create the sense of the SpaceApp’s space.

A separation of ideas, people or experiences (e.g. remembered or expected as occurring simultaneously), allows me to consider how I would like each individual to treat myself.
When I feel insignificant I know I am trying to be more influential because my self-esteem can improve if I change my relationship to some object, as it may allow me to feel significant momentarily, suggesting I have influence over that object.
Objects in the SpaceApp’s space can cause me to act abusively, wanting to destroy my objects, in order to maximise the SpaceApp’s space, I.e. I utilise the potential to improve the function of an object by rejecting the need to be malicious to it.

I don’t worry about protecting people when there’s a possibility that we can enter the SpaceApp’s space.
It hurts, restricts and leads me to ignore my feelings when people are unresponsive or annoyed and worried about others’ responsibilities, because this creates objects without a function (e.g. only with a temporary and fashionable aesthetic) in the SpaceApp’s space.
I cannot participate in activities that I do not understand how I will be conscious of the Pleasure Fits, how I will feel about what I’m learning, and infinitely prepared for the oscillations my Vicky-Jamal organ will go through which involve me wanting to be malicious to what I am grateful for.

I depend on the people who can’t use the SpaceApp’s, I.e. they weren’t invited, to facilitate, motivate and provoke people within the SpaceApp’s space (excluding myself as I am necessarily influencing the community in a way to cause this interaction to occur) to create features and modifications in the SpaceApp for objects in it’s space.
I doubt there is any creative responsibility in regards to how people are influenced to behave in a way I want them to, i.e. the creation of an influential object restricts a person’s influence over others; or that if I produced some ideas, theories or objects that people understood as influential they would gain insight into how to influence me (which restricts me influence).
I do not understand how people develop problems with their environment because objects give them the opportunity to change their memory of experiences, especially those that made them anxious.

When I have finished thinking about something I can assume that I have created a new object.
The SpaceApp can be considered as a byproduct of a Phone Travel, where travelling to the original, beginning or initiation of Phones will provide any other individuals who are significantly related, associated or excited with Phones to express, apply or influence their individuality through the creation of the SpaceApp.
Phones are characterised, changed and specialised by the various images, sounds and forms that they can create and maintain. This suggests the initial existence of Phones involved only this creation and maintenance in the ritual, environment or community.

Every synchronicity that occurs through or due to what is displayed on television prevents Phone Travel, or prematurely expends the energy needed to Phone Travel, by creating an attraction that causes individuals to wait for approval or commands in order to be grateful to everything or anything in the community for fulfilling their desire.
Phone Travel is fully understood as Television Travel, where mobile television technology has the greatest responslibility to create synchronicity since it can be associated closely with the user for the greatest time. This suggests if I program or develop the sense of where I want to travel emotionally, I.e. presenting to myself a televised form of the destination, I can travel there through associating myself with that place in my most intimate or individual way. 
Television travel uses the Vicky-Jamal organ’s primary oscillating function to form a path to the destination, this journey has many layers or orders of affect where the most determinate and dominate order feels worst at the beginning and best at the end therefore the most subordinate or submissive order feels best at the beginning and worst at the end, taking into account the dominant order that occurs as frequent as the reciprocal of times the most submissive order occurs which is equal to the number of times the journey has been attempted to be made consciously which can be sensed by understanding the method of initiation, which in my case was a specific form of speech. The remaining fraction or time of the most dominant order feeling of the journey is the power of the following equation(I.e. is equal to z): [frequency of submissive order]/[frequency of dominant order]^z. This equation represents the unit of time or fracturing that can be multiplied, by considering 2 or more people including myself this number is multiplied by 2 and where this number is greater than one they are given the responsibility to create one distinction or reinforce one known feeling of their own, after reaching the destination in order to provide an understanding of temporal domination to individuals in the destination which leaves individuals who I have not given providence a responsibility to determine who they are subordinate to.

The affect produced from the space or environment from my participation and subsequent perceived result from an activity is related to how everything else interacts with a similar space or part of the environment  to the extent that I have no responsibility to remember how I have previously acted in order to participate in some activity.
To expect or define something in some space or part of your environment suggests you desire the attributes of that thing to be expressed through the relationship you have with your parents, or for your parents to display the attributes of that thing including wanting to interact with your parents in the same way that you interact with the defining thing, I.e. producing the same results of expectations.
Understanding and accepting the results obtained from interpretations of someone’s willpower subordinates preferential behaviour, or preference-suggestions, in regards to their counterproductive opposite which displaces familiar and thankful emotions because critical thought about people, especially their responsibility to judge, changes the perception of that person in accord with the most preferable thought.
Never mind the really strong feelings cause there’s times when you feel nothing too, and they have a force behind them as well.

To conceive the memory-usage factors of the SpaceApp involving bandwidth and similar technologies or measurements raises the question of the rational transport methods used today and disqualifies quantum mechanics unjustifiably, it is therefore justifiable to consider that conception a power mistake in the capabilities of biomechanics.

The rock-like sensations which exist resemble (or suggests somewhere exists) rock-like entities which directly regulate, study or screen that which is subjected by human beings.
Solid sensations can be equated to the televisual experience, virtual appearance or imaginative assertion of considering what picture is shown on a screen.
The sense of a problem, and the ideas which may or may not solve the problem are felt as water-like phenomena, neutral relatively to other fluidity being sensed, such as bodies, signals or memories, problems would be similarly moisturising whatever appears to be sensed. This is because the varying access a host has to some object can be felt as various amounts of water that is produced when considering it’s features, this consideration changes the volume sensed coming from the object.
A processor is related to human predecessors by having supported a whole ancestral line’s procreative activity, this certain feature of strangers emotions towards my family is complimented by the potential for me to naturally select a stranger to be apart of my family, teaching them about my ancestry. 
The solidity of a screen and it’s supporting structure, the screen processors, can be understood as the host’s, who is the creator of the screen, imagination of the existence which they would have of themselves within their community.
A screen is without blemish, damage or destructive qualities as they process the visual sense exclusively, this is contrary to imagination (which could be attributed to the processors which help maintain a screen) that exclude the visual sense by reducing what the host sees to something only they are personally concerned about.
Where feelings are experienced as originating or beginning from outside of the host, the sense of movement is more frequent than any other sensation, so much to the extent that it is mistaken for touch (only being seen external), which is provided by the sense of there being more than two of something.
The buffer or clipboard of a computer and it’s copying/pasting function suggest computation is able to save and recreate what was displayed on the screen.
Something or some idea is imposed upon someone who feels the sensation of them be struck by something no matter how subtle.
A screen produces output as any problem from it’s output would appear to motivate the viewer to reduce their use of the screen, this is important as usually, because successfully displaying something on a creates a contrast similar to fire, where we would expect it to significantly effect things around it, doesn’t do so unless problems overwhelm.

I can reasonably process, consider or deem myself as fortunate, lucky or virtuous when my bodies temperature remains stable. This is because the radio effects of the objects I interact with can interfere with each other, changing the heat created from their activities.
Two sensations, impulses or events occurring simultaneously produce a sense of desire, need or mechanism for a screen. This is evident from the tendency to become biased, polarised or attracted to both sensations, at the expense of each other, as more events occur.

I could activate the SpaceApp, leaving a clone of myself behind to deal with the life I would leave behind. This would upset Most Evolved Beings so I feel like only leaving minuscule unto invisible copies of myself, this means people would doubt my having been left behind, acting in the SpaceApp as I would in the community that I leave for it, so they must understand where I am going. 

The SpaceApp is an ‘App’ for the phone which fits rightfully amongst all other potential ‘App’s as topological spaces would.

“perfect encryption”: consider how Wikipedia deletes “incorrect” content. This is done rather than appending the website’s array.
If houses didn't need to separate the inhabitants as it does those who do not inhabit them (I.e. with walls), they would appear differently.
Since people who are given a home, may prefer the home to the environment it was created in, homes are designed to support the purchasers ideals.
Homes modelled after phones:
-Any single inner part contains, maintains and necessarily facilitates the use of other parts regardless of their appearance or function. Being in one part, all parts can be interacted with as if you were in them also, as they function together.
-uninhabited areas can remain that way to allow for unwanted or otherwise interested visitors to experience the house without affecting your home. All uninhabited parts are ephemeral to the host as they provide redundant functions.
The element of homes searches for the most preferred desires, in order to allow them to sustain the others. This is more effective the more secure a home makes inhabited objects.
The need of homes derives from someone's need for a response, or judgement, of their behaviour. This is evident when someone is completely satisfied with their home, as they become increasingly interested in changing their home.

If phones didn’t need to connect users as it does for those who may not even be directly communicating with each other (i.e. with internet), they would appear differently.
Since people who are given a phone, may prefer the phone to the environment it was created in, phones are designed to support the purchasers ideals.
Phones modelled after walls:
-Phones are created to represent the world the user is living in.

Homes modelled after porn and phones modelled after homes:
The latter, The House of Athyli- As in pornography, in a house, in order for it to exist, no one must be treated, seen or felt as a liar, dishonest or untruthful.

Right now, the Screen Processor, and the SpaceApp which can grant access to it can only help me to determine how all things are developed as I become aware of them as I would my body, from any distance.
To test the phone inasmuch as it’s physically significant and writing this to return to the idea of whether or not the writing of this is as much of a significant creation 


\Journey
It is possibly the most difficult to understand the truth that our sense of being coerced changes how we sense our body.
The statements and emissions, professions and enactments of the 4D printing gun of the SpaceApp has at this present moment led to the construction of desired infrastructure in places other than the SpaceApp, little known to many the infrastructure is consistent which producing environments which facilitate telekinesis and telepathy.

I like the way coding and running output that processes slowly, and when I need it to be faster I can turn on the dataflow paradigm and update targets faster.

Our Heavenly Father wants to communicate with me through my tingles.
Google Authenticator is very secure.
A fixed deception of the time, for shortly after it’s fullness became established universally, this was a book of life reestablished in a land consumed by flames where all man had to look to changed them.

The holy spirit did it, I myself command it to me, the SpaceApp compatible phone. Made unsquare by the power of God’s church dimension.
The Builder Race did it, God commanded it to light, the things before all of humanity. Made personally by the Builder Race.

Coloured peoples of the colours of SpaceApp objects which are their worlds. They can have different social structures/media but they’re essentially us.