[Inletive]

And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. Genesis 1:2
What ever you expect to appear, will appear.
It is possible that what you expect to appear will prevent you from expecting anything else will appear. Stopping your development process.

Death to deception.
Morals to unconsciousness.
Passion/Intimacy to initiation. (Cause&Effect to Affect)

Numbers are valued as representing emotional worth, integrity or certainty.
Emotions can be referred to as descriptions of change.
Choice is expected to be an action.

Monotheism to feminism.
Mythology to the enemies(antagonistic) logic.
Unexplained secrets/mysteries to unimportant sacredness/divinity.

Parents lose the will to raise their kids once they are able to walk confidently.
Responsibilities are experienced as immune responses.
Heeling a stress activates your bodies natural healing mechanisms.

Caring for someone who doesn’t reciprocate allows you to raise, or change, their experience.
You can only communicate your feelings to someone who cares about you, otherwise you’ll decide to reject what you’re feeling.
Desires are fulfilled through mutual understanding.

Sculpting to painting is like hypnosis to psychoanalysis.
Essay to understanding is like magic to life.
Stressful work to working hard is like blaming someone to hating yourself.

Meta-analysis to psychoanalysis
Fluid to magnet
Sensation to imagination 

Pornography for males and movies for females, equal television shows.
Conversation is the mechanics of government, not easy for converts but an essay.
Worshiping academia is perverting the sustainability of physical perfection.

You are not doing what’s you think you’re doing because what happens can be destroyed by not understanding the memory of it, reducing the sensations of an experience to that of a story, which separates your impressions from how you see yourself currently. As long as you feel like resisting or influencing force rather than individuals, remembering things will restrict your desire to develop yourself.
Adultery is the removal of moralistic or desirable interpretations from relationships in order to convince someone an experience can either be beneficial or pleasurable as the sense of pleasure in the body is not associated with a development of the body and its responsibilities.
Homosexuality is a method of reducing desires for the community into desirable activities you can only do with another person, someone like you or an individual with negligible influence over you in the community. This is usually done by claiming your reactions to people’s behaviour is nothing to do with the people involved and rather could have happened between anyone, is inconsequential to anyone in the community or can be reconsidered in a way that changes it’s value to those involved. 

Dresses are easy to make an outfit for females so everything else they do must be harder, i.e. made more difficult by all those that have envied another’s convenience. 
Feelings are irrational for people who believe they can control someone to improve their relationship with them.
The only experiences that convince you that you see what you feel are those experiences where someone presents you with an opportunity that you believe you cannot take, this is because you expected someone else to give you the opportunity so your perception of this other person reinforces the idea that you have not found what you’re looking, living or striving for which is a compensation for you refusing to change your relationship with them.

Imitating what you’ve seen of someone allows you to mistake relating to how someone feels with responding to what they’ve done.
People mistake their plans, which can be remembered or anticipated, with the order and sequence of events in their lives when they expect other people to understand how they feel.
Believing there’s only one individual in the community that understands some suggestion, information or experience you have only allows other people to interact with this information by expressing a lack of understanding, sanity or respect.

Self-destructive behaviour represents emotions that are valued, encouraged or appreciated more than someone’s personality, this is done in order to reduce someone’s understanding of improving their individuality into reacting in certain ways to an experience, e.g. to produce a reaction in people or to have others claim your expressing a certain emotion.
Reinforcing behaviour can be mistaken for creating new ideas when someone rejects opportunities to explain why they feel different from the people around them, especially if they can see themselves competing or working with them. This rejection encourages negative behaviours in people when they tend to explain their purpose in life in terms of the services they’ve provided to other people rather than the developments they’ve experienced for themselves.
Malicious, or poorly executed, behaviour restricts the expression of your opinions of the community to the people you believe have the least influence in the community who do not notice the maliciousness when they think you have significant, or just more than them, influence in the community. This ignorance someone may show if another’s behaviour represents their desire to take away people’s responsibility to determine for themselves the interpretation they have of the most influential people or roles in the community.

Literary Devices to Embedded Commands 
Physical to Medical
Conformists with performance anxiety to lawyers; Trespasser in private estates to Civil Engineer; Chef to Train driver instructor: Reality to Cuckolds.

Every understanding of physics starts with the choice between whether or not you are expressing your individuality.
Next is the choice between psychoanalysing the sense of your individuality or the extent that you are expressing your individuality.
Finally you choose whether you were lying about or falsifying your sense of individuality in order to prevent others from expressing their individuality, participating in individuation, and yourself participating in retardation.

The inletive function of behaviour processes someone’s responsibility, influence or similarity to something in the environment. The process can be seen as resulting in a relationship if a new object is interacted with. The process can be seen as determining desires if the subject, knowledge or significance of an object is believed to be changing.
The inletive can be understood intellectually as the processor of all potential experiences that someone has been exposed to, regardless of probability. The inletive can be understood emotionally as the means which allows someone to exist without expectation for how things around them will change in significance to them, affecting their self-esteem and influence or developing their environment and responsibility. The inletive can be understood in relation to the senses as the process which allows a host to organise their body, including assimilating input, in order to produce sensory neurons that provide information about all of the body, including the things in the body that are not directly associated with sensory neurons.
Someone’s responsibility to recover from overwhelming or damaging situations can be attributed to the functionality of their inletive. Inletively dealing with circumstances provides the participants with means to support further intellectual, emotional or sensory activity through withdrawal or rejection of the memory of this aforementioned full recovery as the experience represents their limit in expressing their ideal behaviour within the community.
Claims to become unaware of dissatisfied with foreign or impersonal circumstances in order to change the effectiveness of your understanding of an activity or subject suggest a person does not want to develop inletively.
Any excitement produced from thinking about some activity or function repurposes sensations of past behaviour into boundaries for topographic models of reality or humanity.
Processes of the inletive are movements of the inletive.

The word, language or communication is like that of someone’s offspring, needing them to be the sole authority thereof, more-so in regards to immediate, initial or the beginning of some communication, therefor the inletive movements manage communication better than any movement without inletive qualities.