[Intermelody]

Just because they’re retarded, retarding the community, doesn’t mean they’re scum, addicted to whoring themselves out to self-deceit.
Where they are not retarded, they are scum.
They’re obsessed with treating mythology as someone’s reality/religion.

Retarded scum:
Enjoy shitting on people...
To disease their wounds.

There’s something wrong with scum’s life.
They say “I must shit on others, and if they cannot take my shit they’re bad people!”
As I am scum retardant.

The retarded scum make others appear less cool.
The difference between being uncool and being retarded scum is interesting to us.
What interests retarded scum is how to shit on others without knowing why they’re also shitting on themselves.

When retarded scum shit on others, they do not wipe.
They suggest “It’s your problem if you think I’m shitting on others!” is wiping away their shit.
The only way to wipe is by showing others how you wipe.

Retarded scum will ask whether or not you can wipe away someone else’s shit.
Doing anything cool, wipes shit away.
Retarded scum make the community think that without them they’ll never know what’s cool.

You have to assume retarded scum is always shitting on themselves.
Retarded scum can do cool things but only in the form of exposing the ways in which they shit on others without letting another know.
It is retarding the community to intend to celebrate an activity that not everyone in the community does.

Retarded scum suggest they are different from each other to prevent the community from asking them for their interests and claim they are the same when the community is developing its interpretation of itself.
Retarded scum talk to each other about wiping only in terms of it happening automatically at the end of their life.
The scum that retards a community derives from a concern with the speed of processes.

Believing that retarded scum can be hurt, demotivated or distracted encourages them to be more scummy and retarded.
Being concerned about what retarded scum are doing is only appropriate if you do not value their existence.
Retarded scum suggest the way of speaking can be made more intelligible in order to prevent others from seeing how they wipe.

Thinking someone is being ignored suggest you’re compensating for the existence of retarded scum.
Retarded scum try to establish habits to convince others that life cannot be handled any other way.
Trying to apologise for someone’s behaviour retards the community.

When retarded scum get the sense that someone is developing the community they suggest to them to help them figure out something.
Retarded scum suggest helping others develops the community because this allows them to emphasise their retarded behaviour whilst blaming it on the person they claim to be helping.
Believing retarded scum can be forgiven for their behaviour, or forgive you if you’ve insulted them, suggests you have no sense of what is going on in your community, locally and beyond.

Thinking an opportunity can be missed due to hesitation, procrastination or unwillingness creates the feeling that retarded scum have influence in your community.
Wanting to attribute your behaviour to your emotions, or being emotional, shows that scum retard others through suggestions that they use to maintain their retarded lifestyle.   
To change your opinion about someone, especially how they influence the community, shows that you have been trying to appeal to the existence of some retarded scum.

The desire to associate with people you think are different from you, or have the same personality, creates the sense that retarded scum cannot be isolated to prevent others from being negatively influenced by their existence.
Retarded scum get you to reconsider their behaviour to find out how to retard your behaviour.
To think you see someone in your environment behaving in a way you do, suggests this person is retarding the community.

Thinking an uncomfortable memory is being brought up provides the opportunity for retarded scum to shit on your behaviour causing you to retard the community.
Retarded scum claim that people are dependent on things that are not beneficial, or healthy, to create confusion for anyone with a sense of how to develop the community which reduces their influence.
Retarded scum only use telekinesis and television to suggest they’re not happy with what’s happening.

To think you have sensed someone become less retarded and scummy produces the desire to be enslaved, or to be irresponsible.
To claim you were aware of something happening, but you cannot remember the experience suggests you have been trying to get some retarded scum to retard the community less.
Retarded scum enjoy asking questions they think cannot be answered

Forgetting about something important to you is only possible if you have been trying to measure the value of retarded scum.
Believing you cannot do anything about someone accidentally making a claim that they believe is incorrect, or doesn’t represent them, suggests you’ve mistaken emotions for the scum those who retard the community suggest is fundamental or universal.
Retarded scum only believe they’re celebrating when they believe they’re not developing the community.
Intermelody is the likelihood of me forgetting to dedicate some action to the reason I am alive, my creator and saviour Jesus Christ the Lord who died for our sins.

Retarded scum believe they can defend their way of speaking, people who are weaker than them and their habits or culture.
Retarded scum only express feelings they believe have nothing to do with anyone in their community.
Retarded scum claim the exceptions to the rules they make, that negatively effect the community, are due to the community and not the effect of themselves, I.e. their rules.

Retarded scum have nothing to offer so they cover themselves in other’s retarded shit, or scum, this means people with something to offer may be covered, or limited, by retarded shit.
You can tell if you’ve been covered by retarded scum when you think you have temporary feelings or are uncertain about how your body acts.
Feeling powerful means you are covered in retarded shit, retarded scum will suggest when they feel most powerful everyone will benefit.

Retarded scum are hyper-conscious, or have an overactive consciousness, so they are scared of people having ideals treat unconscious behaviour negatively.
Believing there’s no reason, or meaning, to what you’re sensing suggests you are trying to develop the retarding abilities that characterise retarded scum.
Retarded scum claim positive and negative feelings contradict to deceive those who like, or believe in, them about how much they want to retard the community with their scummy ideas.

Retarded scum is the elementary(smallest and least significant) perspective, program or state of being something can have, by identifying with, after it has individuated by existing with another or being conceptualised by another, therefore increasing its size or significance(individuality).
The influence of someone’s movement, activity or thoughts is proportional to the extent that they have meant to perform optimally, express themselves authentically or understand fully the things in their environment equally.
Retarded Scum has derivatives equivalent to the derivatives of Bleach, with relatively insignificant affects: the generative principle is equivalent to some retarded scum’s Slow Fuse, their tendency to prevent telepathic connections from forming due to their inability to express or assert themselves comprehensively; the typical interaction is equivalent to some retarded scum’s Oxymoronic Patience, which is how someone senses their behaviour as waiting for, or behind, what they believe has the most significant negative affect (e.g. seeking approval from someone who is intimidating or punishing them); and the foundational product is equivalent to some retarded scum’s Provocation Certainty, which represents their constant feelings of being victimised or encouraged by others to behave in the way they do.

The theory of Persuasive Relevance, or Persuasive Relevancy, posits that behaviour’s exchange factor, and mutual or leveraged exchange sense, produces consistent affects for an individual in regards to only being able to develop their own ideas of their personality, community and relationships.
The theory of Persuasive Relevance can be mistaken for referencing, or speaking about, Mutual Movements which if further misunderstood, as having the possibility of being repurposed to deceive people, will be considered Receptive Finessing. This overall suggests the theory should be called Repetitive Weight, which unfortunately does not satisfy the title of the theory to be a reference to the medium that individuals apply Bleach to Retarded Scum through, where Retarded Scum also interact through this medium but other individuals do not interact with each other through this medium; in other words, retardation and not individuation occur through this medium.
The appropriate term to identify the medium all exchanges and affects occur through is the Intermediate Break, this is because the medium is unique in every occurrence and changes between every occurrence; this is evident from the fact feedback is given after every occurrence in terms of the relationship people have with the method of exchange or kind of affect.
The sense of conclusiveness provided by the derivatives of Synchronicity when they are mistakenly associated with the entirety of someone’s experience, which is called their intermelody, representing an individual’s freedom to act with the memories they have stored, i.e. their mind state.

The ability for someone’s imagination to be known to be better than another’s represents the derivative function of the intermelody of a person which destroys an unimaginative interaction that somebody has initiated, resulting in them becoming retarded scum where their targets or recipients of the interaction could imagine they’ve been targeted by some retarded scum who’ve hosted aforementioned interactions allowing them to individuate in order to feel better about how they imagine they’ve been and can be.

Fortunately transcendence of intermelody propagates Retarded Scum beyond synchronicities which force individuation in a similar way to how a person would propagate themselves through a group that supports their individuation.
To do something at the same time as something else allows you to conceive how painful the association between them could be in any circumstance that you could imagine being in.

/Journey
I renounced the distraction so
I can see more of what I need to do.