[JK Rowling]

Your hair can be seen as the ruler as it is able to grow all over your body and therefore is providing a sense of your environment in the majority of the areas that you see as a boundary.
Where the hair is considered abundant the purpose is less functional, rather it is aesthetic, this represents the role of a ruler to be everywhere at once and effective at expressing what they believe is needed as the less abundant areas are given less protection when the hairs are less vulnerable to be destroyed but the abundant areas are considered as having lots of expendable hair. What is true for the abundant areas is true for both, but what is true of the less abundant is determined by how the other organs functions affect the hair, this maintains the distribution of hair and develops it in a predictable manner.
People believe the hair has an effect, or can provide an interpretation of, someone’s personality, responsibility or sexuality in the same way someone’s children or ideas can provide interpretations of these things. 

The eyes can be seen as the body’s ruler as what is visible provides a sense of security, control and confidence that also can be reduced to the most important sense and therefore the most sensible way of considering your environment.
People think their eyes can function as deceivers, rather than receivers, of sense and this makes them effective rulers as the appearance of a lack of understanding or confidence is consistently challenged with a feeling of curiosity which provides the means for someone to interact with their community in a way that presents, or attracts, people who appear confident in their personality, regardless of whether this is a reality, as suggesting your seeing something deceptive accuses those local to you. 
Claiming you can see what you’re remembering, or seeing what you can imagine, is a falsifying the reality of sight but still puts mechanical stress on your eyes as you increase the focus you have on your environment to the point that it confuses you, especially about what your senses’ functions are, preventing the non-visual senses from functioning effectively yet making you want to be more responsible for your vision. Effectively managing your body as a ruler is expected to as neglected the desires that can interpreted, and are communicated sensually, through your vision is detrimental for all of your organs and your community.

The Vicky-Jamal organ can be seen as the ruler as it is connected to all organs in the body and provides supporting structure that functions to improve the quality of every sense you have in your body of the environment.
Suggesting that you are unable to act, cannot use an object or understand a subject allows the Vicky-Jamal organ to create the sense of control upon organs that are degenerating to provide a sense of them which allows them to develop, by using them harmoniously which the rest of the organs. This shows how they’re an effective ruler as the Vicky-Jamal organ tends to the weakest link, the most destructive parts and the neglected organs by stopping the whole body all together which shows the other organs of the importance of allowing the Vicky-Jamal organ to rule as it will take into account all of their issues and not let them increase to the extent that they produce a negative effect, therefore they’re free to try as hard as they can.
Planning out your behaviour effects the future to the extent that you anticipate developments in the Vicky-Jamal organ, as the sense of pleasure expected may invert between or during an activity and this can lead to freezing yourself or not wanting to do the planned activities because the benefit no longer seem pleasurable, this makes the Vicky-Jamal organ an effective ruler as the activities a host chooses to do will be essentially judged for how they effect their apparent integrity, responsibility and happiness therefore where these are lacking the activity can be reinterpreted for more motivation which can be applied to every other activity too helping the host to understand what desirable experiences can be produced in their environment and the extent that they appreciate their desires therefore informing the community about what can be expected from the host for other’s benefit.

The feet can be seen as the ruler as they are used to walk on, but not in the initial stages of life when you’re completely dependent on a form of guardian, which suggests they act as a foundation for your understanding of movement, individuation and coordination in regards to the activities you can participate in.
Not wanting to go somewhere because of the distance can be attributed to someone’s understanding of their feet where believing they lack integrity, therefore are limited or incapable, will reduce the distance they want to go in circumstances of little stress. This shows feet are an effective ruler as under high stress people would be motivated to believe they have more integrity and are more capable or responsible allowing someone to rest when it’s necessary to function optimally when they want to and it’s needed.
Some people consider feet as sexual objects, where those who do not deem these people as sexual deviants or taboo, showing that feet are effective rulers as they create distinctions between people that do not destroy communication between the groups and provide opportunities for people to associate in a way where they’re free to give their opinion. This also shows that how someone’s feet can determine how someone views another’s whole body, regardless if they’re fetishised then some people may take the opportunity to deceive others about their intentions for the community which likely reduces the quality of the relationship, such as the honesty in the actions between them, which further supports critical distinctions which allow people to associate in a way where they are all free to give their opinion on how they can interact with the community without a sense of punishment that isn’t compensated for with their desired lifestyle.

Your mouth can be seen as the ruler as it is primarily seen as a means of digesting something that is nourishing, allowing you to process and take good out of things in your environment. Where bad things are taken into the mouth a familiar negative reaction is provided to the host which is helpful for a ruler as this shows the potential for change in regards to the person getting used to taking this thing in to which they’re maladjusted or appreciating more the things they digest which give them a reaction they can deem positive.
The taste in someone’s mouth at rest can make some people uncomfortable enough to want to eat something, stimulating their taste buds, but this may leave the taste in their mouth at rest in a more repulsive state. Similarly, if something is tasted as really good the distinction between the taste in the mouth after it’s eaten is likely to produce this same uncomfortableness and even if the same really good food is eaten too frequently it may lose its taste or suppress the function of other organs, such as the stomach, throat, lips, jaw or teeth. This makes the mouth an effective ruler as they mediate someone’s motivation to interact with the environment through reward and punishment which is not questioned but is completely understood by people as being in their best interest, at the same time they’re given suggestions to how they can change their behaviour and are free to decide what they’ll do in the future as they can change how they feel about their taste or respond to whoever gave them something to digest to learn more about people who are able to digest it.
Comparing the function of the mouth to eat and to speak shows that it is an effective ruler as it can take in all materials, with an understanding of them, and give out this same understanding, which is related to how you’re living your experience. The extent that someone doesn’t like something to eat them talking about it is not likely to discourage this motivation and similarly claiming you don’t like something for long enough will, at least initially, produce a negative effect if it is digested. Hearing someone say something that you don’t don’t need anymore to find negative can produce a negative taste in your mouth, to the extent that this   CD  is a representation of your imagination the taste actually allows you to process what has been said and relate it to similar experiences of actually eating something which may later on give you more of any responsibility to handle the situation positively as the bad taste in your mouth is likely to lead to an expression that leaves a bad taste in the others mouth. This is effective ruling as something the displeases the ruler can propagate to the person that is able to process it and then propagate back to the ruler, without compromising anyone’s position.

The legs can be seen as an effective ruler as they are split into two main parts, with the upper usually larger and with more vital mechanism contributed towards the function (i.e. more muscles that can speed up movement and protecting the groin), which work together to create movement that determines the stress upon every other organ.
The appearance of a person’s legs can have aesthetic purposes as well as athletic, it’s understood that these can be representative of each other, this makes legs an effective ruler as the extent that good looking legs are also highly functioning suggests the host as a exceptionally healthy body but as these qualities diminish in anyway the host is seen as unhealthy, even though these are subjective considerations they provide a freedom for people to make distinctions where there are none and so if these have a detrimental effect on their experience, such as desiring good looking legs that aren’t functional or attaining legs that appear functional through highly stressful means which therefore limit function. The effectiveness of legs as a ruler can be generalised into requiring a balance between utility and appearance where cultivating both support the host more than one or the other.
The sections of the leg, the upper, knee and lower, show that it is an effective ruler as the middle mediates, with a pivot, the interactions that optimise the function of the contrasting sections where the knee is also the most sensitive, fragile yet least prone to damage (usually require more force and also harder to directly attack). The legs can be seen as ruling through being a mediator of the nutrition provided throughout the body in the blood and other fluids that are most separated from each other as they enter the legs, this effectively rules the hosts’ actions as it allows the contents of the fluid to be processed without affecting the other organs in a significant way because any things the organs do not need close to themselves can be seen as potentially a waste of space if they do get into the organ, such as chemicals filtered by the kidneys, liver or pancreas that cannot be processed there, so they may be able to be used structurally, supporting the leg’s rule, or removed from there without much harm to the rest of the body.

The bones are effective rulers as they are found all over the body to provide support and also determine the quality of each organs function, such as strength of muscles and potency of chemicals. 
The bones can be seen as the fluid in the body with the most integrity, where it’s shape is vital in its function as well as contents, which makes it an effective ruler as all other fluids in the body must take into account the nature of the bones, without impairing it’s function of support as it will in turn negatively effect the use of other fluids as organs will not be organised properly for example.
As the bones determine how much force the host can take before vital damage happens to their body the bones are effective rulers as they provide the sense of limitation to most other organs, excluding the skin which is in turn dependent on the organs that are connected or protected by bone, which if this sense of limitation is ignored or not attempted to be developed then the whole body would be unable to function properly as the host would put their body unable too much stress often enough to prevent growth due to the damage caused.

The arms are effective rulers as they determine how many situations, that effect the whole body, are handled and possibly made more beneficial for the body. This includes less risky activity like eating or applying medication or lotions which without functioning arms will provide additional distress for other organs.
The arms provide the host an opportunity to create impressions for the community that express their ideas of freedom and what is aesthetically pleasing, more so than other organs as they can be used to manipulate the environment to a greater extent than the rest. This makes them an effective ruler as greater stress will be put on other organs before distress prevents the development of the strength or skill expressed with the arms however in situations without significant stress the arms can take loads or pressures that give other organs a rest, such as the legs or lungs when lifting.
The arms can be effective rulers as they protect the body in various ways that can allows the whole body to develop, where if the arms were less able to provide support to the rest of the body the host may be vulnerable to perform things in a way that degenerates their other organs.

The back can be an effective ruler as it can be seen as having many sections with differing roles, the upper taking the most stress, a line (spine) down the middle providing support and coordination and the lower and sides provide protection and can be seen as the having the highest aesthetic determinants. All of these part’s condition represents the health of other organs throughout the body and usually are not at odds with any other function of the other organs.
The effectiveness of the back as a ruler of the other organs can be attributed to it having the spinal cord, which must be protected unless the host can become paralysed, this means it must develop in a way that keeps it protected and comfortable enough to allow the movements to not damage any part of it too. The back is used to support most activities that are highly stressful, allowing the host to provide the maximum force they are capable of producing. Under little stress the back still has the most important supporting function of the organs and where the back cannot support the host their other organs are usually highly stressed to compensate.
The back can effectively rule the body as it protects many vital organs, such as the kidneys, so when it is impaired the back can reduce its function, especially the ways it nourishes itself, to attempt to repair any damage happening nearby effectively allowing the host to develop their organs further. The back can take the most stress compared to every other organ so reduces the stress upon the other organs when it is necessary to enable the harmonious functioning of the organs to develop.

The skin is an effective leader as it, all over the body, varies depending on exposed to the environment and can harden under high stress and soften when there’s less. 
The effectiveness of the skin can be attributed to its ability to heal in many different ways, including skin grafts or scabbing, which allow the other organs to be protected in working harmoniously and rarely ever exposing the skin to further damage because of the apparent sacrifice. The condition of the other organs also determines  the functionality of the skin as well as it’s ability to heal, this includes things being taken in through the skin to help the rest of the organs.
As the skin is barely in contact with most other organs it can be an effective ruler as it can filter any chemicals that would be detrimental to the host and even remove dangerous substances, through sweating or itching for example, that may be able to be processed into something useful through the skin and if not the skin will show the host the hazard, as being sensed on the skin, before they get a sense of the affect on other organs.

The neck can be an effective ruler as it is the primary organ used in taking in most of the substances that get into the body, i.e. breathing and eating, which without it’s mediation the other organs could not work harmoniously and when stress is put on the neck the function of every other organ is limited.
The neck effectively rules by providing the host with a sense of when environment is optimal in allowing their organs to develop their harmonious functioning. When the neck is being used more often that usual the other organs take the additional stress to allow the neck to work normally, such as the stomach digesting or heart pumping blood to nourish.
The neck ensures the body is able to work harmoniously by reacting in consistent ways that encourage benefits and pleasure for the host when they’re safe to develop and to sense a lack of benefit or pleasures when the situation is preventing the other organs from functioning harmoniously, such as appetite affecting moods during activities at aren’t even eating (if you were planning on eating after or have just before for example).

The shoulders are effective rulers as they support most of the movement of the body so when they’re damaged they limit the harmonious use of other organs which will be working to repair the shoulders.
The shoulders effectively rule the body as they produce a sense of stability or coordination when performing many actions, such as gymnastics or work that can be done sitting down where both involve posturing that is mainly the responsibility of the shoulders. Where the shoulders cannot function in this way more stress is put upon the whole body therefore the shoulders functioning optimally reduces stress on the body which allows the organs to develop their harmonious functions.
The effectiveness of shoulders ruling can be attributed to where they’re positioned on the body and how their size compliments the sizes of every other organ, where if the shoulder is moved out of place the parts around it will support the misplaced shoulder as it’s size allows for movements, of the upper part of the body especially, to become more flexible which subsequently supports the shoulders responsibility to provide the sense of stability and therefore confidence in the host moving and managing their body.

Your lungs are an effective ruler as they take in the most chemicals from the environment and therefore process the most substances for the body to use, where this function is impaired the other organs can work harder to provide the harmony that would be there is the lungs were not damaged.
The lungs are effectively ruling the body as under high stress they are the first organ to push itself to a perceived limit, which also provides a sense of limitation which allows the host to moderate their effort and participation in a certain activity, therefore it determines how much organ organs will be stressed.
The lungs effectiveness as rulers can be attributed to the sense of certainty they provide when the host believes they’re functioning optimally, this is shown through habits of ‘breathing techniques’ for relaxation or improving athletic ability. When the host is convinced the lungs are losing its harmonious function they’re provided with an understanding of how all of the other organs too may function in an unharmonious way and therefore will inform them about how they can handle the situation their participating in.

The heart is an effective ruler as it functions to give access to all the organs of the body what fluids are used, especially those that are not crucial and therefore potentially can be utilised elsewhere, throughout the body in the form of blood which is expendable to the extent that the heart is still able to function harmoniously.
The effectiveness of the hearts rule can be attributed to its vital function of giving the other organs their nutrition and therefore under high stress the heart will be the last organ to push itself to it’s limits, I.e. when all other organs fail to maintain harmony, in order to provide the host with an understanding of what is going on in their environment. The heart also provides, when working optimally the sense of certainty that can be used to assess the hosts overall health and therefore how the other organs are working harmoniously.
The heart can act as a ruler of the body as impairing its function will subsequently lead to impairment in other organs, also it is difficult to repair without damage to other organs, therefore the body works to make sure the fluids that are potential hazardous to the heart are isolated and the blood that the heart is in contact with primarily is cleaned in order to keep the body working harmoniously. 

The stomach is an effective ruler as it contains the most hazardous chemicals to the rest of the organs, having a particular resilience that supports it working harmoniously, therefore the other organs cannot develop if they intrude upon the stomach’s especially chemical-resistant structure as damage to the stomach which limits, giving the responsibility to other organs, the chemical stress that the body can tolerate will impair the function of all of the organs.
The stomach’s effectiveness as a ruler of the body can be attributed to it being the primary organ used in digestion of substances taken into the body, ensuring they do not degenerate any of the organ’s functions. This digestive role can be seen as a failsafe for any dangerous chemicals produced in the body which can be easily destroyed if there’s a path for it to go to the stomach, showing that the stomach rules by having every organ serve it in maintaining its function which allows all of the other organs to work harmoniously.
The stomach rules the other organs of the body as the extent that it is able to digest and produce beneficial chemicals from the substances taken into the body determines how much of the hosts fluids can be used to help the organs develop its harmonious function, this includes producing nutrition for example. As it helps all organs develop they are likely to function in a way that allows for the stomach to develop its functions before any other organ is able to develop the way it functions harmoniously.

The intestines can effectively rule the body as they’re split up into sections where the part that substances have to travel the longest distances provides the most opportunity for absorption of beneficial chemicals for other organs. Similarly the larger part needs less distance travelled in order to perform its function and this rules the other organs as its responsible for taking in materials to aid immune responses throughout the body.
The effectiveness of the intestines in ruling the body is evident as this organ takes up the most space, or has the most surface area, in the body and therefore is most of the bodily structure that other organs have to take into account when they have to manoeuvre. The other organs must take into account how their chemicals will affect other organs and because these chemicals are most likely to come into contact with the intestines they must be tailored to not preventing the intestines from performing their function to allow the organs to work harmoniously.
The intestines rule the body through determining the extent that substance taken into the body are allowed to be removed from the body, where it allows the chemicals that’ll benefit the body to be absorbed into other organs. The removal of chemicals can be due to them not being requested, therefore there’s no path of absorption, from other organs which shows how they all depend on the intestines function to develop harmoniously.

The kidneys effectively rule the body as it filters out and stores the substances that are most toxic to the other organs, so if the kidneys failed to function every other organ would be put under stress that can degenerate the harmonious functioning of the host.
The kidney’s effectiveness at ruling the body can be attributed to its function of regulating the condition of the fluids in the body, where if it is becoming imbalanced the kidneys will produce a sense of discomfort in order to provide the host with the understanding that their body is changing the way it is functioning harmoniously, therefore every other organ must take into account the sensations provided by the kidneys when they develop means to inform the host as intruding upon this kidney’s in this way can prevent the body from balancing its fluids to maintain the nutrients it contains and there prevent development.
The kidneys are effective rulers as they get to process the most dangerous material that could not be handled elsewhere, this has the most potential to be used beneficially as it could contain some chemicals that create extra resistance for other organs. 

The ears are effective rulers of the body as they participate in the most interactions with the environment and therefore provides more of a sense of understanding than any other organs. Where the ears are damaged, especially when it’s irreparable, the other organs are put under more stress in order to function harmoniously.
The ears effectively rule the other organs as the sensations they create for the host are most pervasive, which means the understanding of how the host’s organs can develop harmoniously is first provided through the ears and therefore getting a similar sense from the ears as well as another organ provides a sense of significance that gives the host confidence in the behaviour they’re performing in regards to allowing their organs to develop harmoniously.
The effectiveness of your ears rule can be attributed to it’s way of sensing the environment, which does not have any filters or limitations and therefore cannot be intruded upon by any other organ’s function which suggests it can delay its development in order provide the understanding, to the host, of how to behave to allow their organs to function harmoniously, e.g. getting the sense of hearing, or remembering, a beneficial way to approach a situation and the pleasurable reactions that can result.

The brain can be an effective ruler as it provides the majority of motor or coordination functions, it does this by mediating the sense of stress felt throughout the body, where an organ does not have a communication pathway to the brain it is likely to be degenerating in its responsibility to function harmoniously.
The effectiveness of the brain in regards to ruling the other organs can be attributed to the responsibility it has to provide chemicals that are found and utilised in the other organs in the body which, if the other organs limit the brains ability to produce these chemicals, e.g. by producing competing chemicals, they would prevent the harmonious development of all of the host organs which use that chemical. 
The brain effectively rules the other organs as they must provide nutrients for the brain in order to allow all of the organs to function harmoniously, where an organ takes up too much of the nutrients for the brain or prevents them from reaching the brain they increase stress on the organs providing the nutrients and the organs that the brain provides chemicals for.
Physical strain can be reduced to the expression of the brain’s superiority inasmuch as pain is not, I.e. pain in one area of a host’s body  is non-local, effecting the whole body, whereas strain is only created locally. This is similar to the chemical stress function of the brain, where it would create strain locally to manage, process or reconsider pain throughout the host’s body.

The liver effectively rules the other organs as it has several functions that go towards supporting the purposes and structures of every other organ, where if the liver is damaged more stress is put upon all of the other organs, therefore the other organs are likely to reduce their functioning to prevent impairment of the liver.
The effectiveness of the liver in ruling the body can be attributed to how it regulates the other organs around it to ensure it can function optimally, if an another organ’s function becomes imbalanced the liver can produce chemicals to maintain the harmonious function of the other organs.
The liver is an effective ruler because it prevents damage to the body when an excess of substances are taken in, which may be beneficial at lower quantities, by increasing its function, often to the point of short-term impairment in the future. This can lead to degenerating the organ’s harmonious function of the sensations provided by the liver and it’s affects on the other organs are not related to the situation that they appeared initially in, possibly showing the host how they can handle the situation in order to develop the organs.

The spleen’s effectiveness at ruling the other organs can be attributed to its primary support in developing the immune system and responses to disease or other negative sensations in the body. It provides fluids with appropriate immune responses and stores important materials that are used throughout the immune system.
The spleen effectively rules the body as it allows all of the other organs to be protected from any hazardous chemicals being produced as the organs function harmoniously, this means that the immune responses that occur in other organs support the spleen as the material that is regular used can be stored there. Where an immune response had little to no success the spleen can reduce the material that’s used or create chemicals to prevent this response from happening in order to maintain the harmonious development of the organs.
The spleen can effectively rule the other organs as impairment in its function will limit the immune responses that can occur throughout the body which prevents development, increasing the risk of degeneration due to errors in forming harmonious interactions with each other, so the organs are likely to reduce their functioning preemptively to allow the spleen to cultivate the appropriate immune responses for all of the other organs.

The hands can be effective rulers as they participate in most of the activities that someone can do, having a supportive or manipulative function, which provides the host with an understanding of how they can approach a situation and what certain behaviours can produce or lead to for them. 
The hands effectiveness as rulers of the other organs can be attributed to the variety of circumstances where the stress upon organs would depend upon how the host uses their hands. Where an organ is producing unusual sensations the hands can be used to gain a familiar sense of what they can do to maintain the harmonious function of the organs, such as checking the heartbeat or massages. Similarly, organs that are providing a sense of certainty in it’s harmonious development can be encourage by the hands to provide this sense to all of the other organs, through inspection of the area which communicates a behaviour that can be interpreted as being applicable to any other organ, i.e. imagining what it would feel like if other organs were felt or acting this way.
The hands effectively rule the other organs as they can be used as a assessor for the safety of most activities someone can participate in, if it’s in gaining information about an experience or experiencing something in a preliminary manner. Where the hands provide a sense of insecurity or danger the other organs are put under more stress in order to change the sense provided by the hands into something more secure or familiar before they can develop their harmonious function.

The genitals can be effective rulers of the other organs as it’s primary function is to propagate the material, in the form of DNA and genes, that will allow the structures or organs to reproduce if the host’s organ systems fail.
The genitals effectiveness as rulers can be attributed to the higher stress other organs are put under when the genitals are put under high stress, and need for the genitals to be protected from the chemicals that are utilised in other organs which if done successfully keep the stress upon the genitals low because they would cause pain and impair function which the host would suffer.
The genitals effectively rule the other organs as they function to support genital health until the host is convinced the genitals primary function of reproducing the individual is complete, or no longer a concern. Where an organ puts the genitals at risk before this time they are likely to reduce their contribution to the harmonious function of the body, where other organs, except the genital, will work harder to compensate and possibly remove the hazard to the genitals.

The nose is effectively ruler of the other organs as it is the passage which most materials from the environment are exchanged with the body, therefore the other organs must work to protect the noses function of mediating what chemicals it allows into and out of the body otherwise they’d be put under higher stress through failed attempts to process what cannot be processed, preventing nutritious chemicals from being processed and use by the other organs, limiting all of their functions.
The nose’s effectiveness at ruling the other organs can be attributed to its primary function of providing the sense of smell, that when it is producing very intense signals or is being limited in its ability to sense, produces an understanding of the distinctions between how things in the environment can be processed by the host’s body. The other organs will work to remove the host from an environment where they smell something overwhelming and similarly organs can develop their harmonious functions more in an environment where they smell something desirable.
The nose is an effective ruler of the other organs as a development in the harmonious functioning of the body must develop the nose’s chemical mediation function before most of the organs which need to produce or use specific chemicals because the entry of unwanted material will limit the other organs responsibility to develop their functions as these unwanted chemicals will impair all of the organs functions, where the nose will be least limited in its function as it is the most capable of handling this issue of preventing negative substances into the body and stopping positive substances from leaving the body. 