[Medical Universe]

The subjects represent realms because our community’s understanding of physics is not as influential as the community’s understanding of itself, including everything and every person that’s ever lived in it.
Theology is the subject that represents the realm our community is. This means someone’s understanding of Theology, as well as their ability to develop it, is directly proportional to their understanding of our community, including the influence they have over people in it.
As Theology gains publicity the community develops it responsibility to provide security for the people in it. 
The subject surrounding our realm’s representation is Psychoanalysis, the subject surrounded by our realm’s representation is Magic, the subject surrounding Psychoanalysis is Semiotics.
The surroundings in our realm allow institutions to be established to represent the realms our realm is associated with.
Institutions of Feeling in the realm represented by Feeling provide theological feelings which surpasses any product of Psychoanalysis unto possibly defining the meaning of institutions in the Semiotic realm.
People piled on top of each other to create hospitalisations for all of eternity.
The medical universe, separate from our semiotic realm, applies communication and community from the theology realm through its earthly nature as a universe.

Without giving financial support to establishments that study or promote interest in Theology there would be no motivation within the community to provide, understand and define moral or desirable (that is where pleasure makes sense) actions. This can be attributed to Theology’s method of deeming certain behaviours as physically possible, which is in relation to the community’s most significant aspirations or common obstacles, for example humanity’s enlightened or happy state and the temptations that prevent people from understanding it’s existence.
When someone suggests that they hear voices, watch television and smell, taste or feel good(or bad) they are attempting to limit their understanding of Theology as well as demotivating the people around them from appreciating their interpretations of Theology. This is because the aforementioned suggestions are descriptions of a senses function so when they’re suggested they provide the opportunity to the suggester and their recipients to develop their responsibility to doubt their senses.
The function of conceptualising realms as one of the subjects that is studied within the community, e.g. this community is conceived through Theology, is to determine the relationships between each realm where the developments in the content or usefulness of a subject within the community suggests a development in the relationship with the realm which that subject represents has occurred. This can be sensed as the inequality between students in the subject in accord with the indifference less skilled students show towards their superiors, therefore the most learned in a subject is most able to communicate with authorities that mediate the community’s interactions with the subject’s realm, in other words the community will continue to influence the other realm in proportion to how the superior perceives the community influencing themselves in regards to their senses, their individuality (immunological) and their interpretations (motor).

Things appear topographically in this community yet order their structure topologically.
People in the community have the same topological perspective of the community, e.g. time and chronological affects of history or heredity, which allows them to create distinct topographic perspectives of the community, e.g. their outlook of their life and responsibility for human activities
People initially confuse the appearance of the community for its structure and order, making no distinction between their functions, so how they see things apparently happen is how they believe they’ve always been and will be (structure) or is how everyone else experienced that situation or moment (order). When people create their own version of how the community should or could appear they give themselves the opportunity to conceptualize their new version as the structure of what they want to appear in the community, where if they want their version to represent the whole community (rather than, at most, representing the part of the community they’ve experienced) they’d be further confused by what appears in the community which prevents them from understanding the difference between their sense of the structure and visual sense of things in the community because this causes a person to take on, or embody, imaginations of other people’s opinion, vision or sense of the community.
Identifying a memory as having taken a long time suggests you are comfortable, and has recently occurred to you, to be forgetful and dismiss, omit or silence, the remembered experience so it can be remembered more unconsciously therefore causing you to increase your influence over it by acting more emotionally about it.

Spider-faced, humanoid-like beings with spider-like genitalia where the male has a pair of testicles the female a bare platform, both tendrils equal numbered usually found to be a racial classifier.
Similarly, in the manner in which people claim to desire proof for a claim or object. The spider-like insects behave most conducive to be distracted into this state, having sufficient focus on their legs which help them stand upright, therefore anymore humanoid features added upon would pose a threat to others with humanoid features of the spider-like humanoids lacked discipline.

As a consumer I have to know prior to that I’m receiving any gastronomic information and less so any other discipline. 
The surface knowledge, appearance or character of something can be conceived as the physiognomy of that object, this is because the face of something is seen in physiognomy as the primary display of it’s cognition, propagation or perfection.

The nature of Captivism, would facilitate a formalism of Mathematics without proof which is compensated by its relation to Philanthropy.
The existence of Literature facilities a metaphorical action to prove someone’s race or sex which is reinforced by it’s similarity to Semiotics.
The hierarchy of Anthropological earthlings is initiated by Finance to persuade them to socialise so they keep in order with the Religions.

The ego of health is a conception, concession or conscription which was introduced to earth by Sigmund Freud during his life which qualifies all behaviour to be classified as healthy behaviour due to the primacy, unconsciousness or compensation provided by the ‘Freudian Slip’ Phenomenon.
Gambling disciplines sinful actors whose behaviour is typical of that which can be expected in the world, or in this case, a semiotic realm.
It’s like Darwin’s theory of evolution allow Freud’s elementary description of the Ego to represent the state of all things.

The extent to which disciplinary action is useful is infinitely limited, I have experience of no need for the expression of knowledge of disciplines and this follows that no one else’s disciplinary action effects me. This is shown by the ultimate conclusion arising from discipline as a notion that implies physical contact between two, all or more unknown individuals.

Captivism and it’s ability to relate to people who are participating in disciplinary action prevent the people who are threatened by violence from utilising currency in a way that promotes their personality in the community they live in.
Economics and it’s ability to determine the utilisable value of exchanging the subject or product of disciplinary action allow currency to be conceived as the universally accepted subject or product. Here the representative or appearance of money provides people in the community a sense of belonging which can be rejected if some economic use of currency cannot be accepted.

It can be sensibly assumed that problems arise on a level of appearance and only can be resolved on that same level of appearance. Here there are alternatively, yet most certainly, levels of existence which differ from levels of appearances by the means in which existence is given priority over appearances and neither problems or resolutions have an existence.
The technological implications of the institutionalisation, globalisation or socialisation of topological understandings or topology as a form of disciplinary action expose the range of materials which lead live to requiring swathes of experience to decide how to appropriate use technology rather than justify not having technology in the space around us, which is at least prioritising topology over technology.

When I hear a person of my gender speak, it is apparently my understanding of Feeling. When I hear a person of the opposite sex speak, it is apparent my understanding of Apology.
Where people are concerned about, interested in or surveying for the application of hospitality they are expressing their understanding of Fashion.
Great desire is needed to get rid of desires to be certain that Anatomy have developed, evolved or been studied due to the Atonement of the divine Jesus Christ and his flesh.

The teachers of academia commit to their role by denying the students of academia means of influencing the teachers. Here only one student is able to attain the understanding of the teachers of academia, where the teachers disagreement with any intelligence originating from the students forces any student with intelligence to protect other students from being denied completely as an individual which can receive intelligence from others not of their own origination. 

Two universes which make up our reality other than our Medical universe are the Business and Typonym universes. 
The difference between a realm and universe in this reality is theological to the extent it affects an individual’s supporting structure.
The Business universe would be associated with realms like our realm but subjectively different, such as Music surrounding Philology surrounded by Psychology which is surrounded by Psychiatry.