[Orgy Theory (Opposite of Ego Death)]

Why you can’t value gold...
Orgy/Insult theory:
The emergence of a situation cannot be due to a different situation, as the physics behind them are different. Related ideas are the same and the content of an idea cannot: be taken to support different ideas, be seen as parts that form the whole idea or help the individual with the idea gain any more information.
Red Flag Theory:
Red flag should show upcoming downfalls.
If red flag shows the person responsible for the downfall, it is wrong, a false positive on the red flag occurring here.

Theories must posit discovery not inventions, ideas or innovations.
Individuals do things that make them distinct from their surroundings, taking part in individuation.
Whenever you value, or are valued, this acts as a valve and physical properties cannot develop. 

The only way you can provide aid to a member of your sex is through the opposite sex. This doesn’t mean the person you work through is helped.
Mistakes which lead to punishments show you that the action that you think led to the mistake is depreciating and overused so has been repurposed as a means to deceive others rather than be a means to gain an understanding of your environment.
Feeling shocked, or surprised, as if your experience has changed suddenly only occurs when you’re abusing yourself.

Retarded scum is bleached with the friend burn:
Since oppression leads to metrosexuality, your ideal partner becomes the metropolis (city state).
The ground is mistaken for being supportive rather than being the foundation for your relationships so your friend’s sense that you’re supporting them must be superimposed with the suggestion that you are their foundation.

Friend burn(ego death):
To disrespect someone’s acknowledgment, appreciation or criticism, of your behaviour.
When you invalidate what your community has released, or done, up until now.
This has the supposed friend zone invalidated by the obvious effect of friendship, what burns and is intemperate is the discernment of location to which the friendship is based and supposes that neither participant in a friend zone is willing to behave in a friendly way in that place.

Retarded scum imitate things in their environment where they see the community has already been impressed by the activity, idea or meaning, participating in retardation.
Destructive feelings prevent identification, enjoyment or appreciation of your environment to the extent that ideas you produce are related to what people have said around you.
Interpreting feels like a painful, endless or boring and dominating experience when you enjoy or desire retardation more than individuation in a particular situation or at a certain time.

Interpretation is occurring, developing or appreciating the intelligence of someone, when an activity is being done with a concern for the effect it has on the community to the extent that those who may use it for retardation will be discouraged from participating and those able to use it for individuation can decide who will be encouraged to participate in terms of what perspectives of the activity promote self-esteem.
Thinking that you are satisfied with the way your environment looks, especially if you are not satisfied with how you feel, creates the idea that retardation is supporting interpretation through providing an understanding of the effect of negative emotions rather than individuation appearing negative to retarded scum and therefore a potent bleach that removes a retarded scum’s influence on a function in a system.
To feel like you’re being rushed, have reached your speed or haste limit or are losing motivation and beginning to sense procrastination represents an understanding of the activity being rejected because it is creating the sense of limitation or separation from your environment and therefore changes your sense of influence into something that searches for familiar appearances that cannot be developed, interpreted or insulted and depreciated.

Believing you cannot say anything about a feeling you have, an individual you know or a situation you’ve been in creates the idea that people enjoy, therefore are conscious of, the influence someone has over them. This happens by mistaking your impressions of something with your desire to develop it, which possibly can be sensed as constructive criticism but is in fact your way of avoiding what you have rejected in your community in the past.
Your community is the experience of your understanding being transferred to those who develop in a different way than you do. The development is in their sense of the community to the extent that there’s mutual agreement in what the people involved know and do not know about each other or mutual understanding in why the people involved are interacting; if this is not the case the development will be in their sense of something within, what they understand is, the community.
Thinking you want to execute a plan in a different way, than planned or expected, suggests you have mistaken something in your community for a thought, which is your impression of your experience of the community and the things in it. This happens when you reject ideas that claim you impaired someone’s ability to experience benefits and pleasures in the community, which is a representation of the relationship with some retarded scum behaviour that everyone you have interacted with displays. The extent that you also display this behaviour to people in your community can be sensed if there’s no distinction between someone’s aspirations and actions therefore is happening when someone tries to, or is successful in, rejecting their individuality by failing to repeat a behaviour which is remembered as meaningful and beneficial.

Not understanding the movements, dynamics or sensations of your body suggests you are attempting to make retarded scum influence your behaviour, therefore you are some retarded scum and are limited by your senses being covered by retarded scum, I.e. you resort to appealing to their existence in order to resist individuation.
When you cannot do something you want, influencing the community in an ideal way or become anxious due to anticipation of an undesirable sensation and experience you are allowing retarded scum to become determinate of their own behaviour and their function in the community. This occurs because someone, with interpretations of how retarded scum affect the community, who refuses to take the opportunity to apply bleach has accepted and encourages the reality of some retarded scum’s lack of healing mechanisms in their body, e.g. stress relief. This can leave people vulnerable to attack and limitations provided by the retarded scum who is degenerating to the extent that they are unable to sense their individuality in the environment, especially in their body.
Believing you are paying too much attention or supporting some part of your community or body too much provides you with the desire to participate in retardation, where interacting with the part of your community that you think you have given a lot of attention too will encourage you to live in a way that makes you suggest to other parts of your community that they are the reason for your retarded scum behaviour rather than you motivating yourself to individuate in every part of the community. Someone is able to express their individuality where they have once been retarded scum if they accept that the parts of the community that they give the most attention too are not only least like the rest or whole of the community but imagining that areas that you believe you support or appreciate less are similar to the places you focus on the most confuses and prevents your expressions of individuality since the community will be seen as limited and not developing in a way that promotes individuation. This happens because the areas you give most attention too, especially if you can apply bleach there, encourage you to influence the whole community more so than other areas.

To think discoveries outline phenomena that had an existence before the theory of it was developed suggests that belief is distinct from knowing or expressions of knowledge because this suggestion gives the listener an opportunity to deny the existence of what they have heard from the theory (or it’s supporting conjecture). For example denying the existence of evolution through ignorance of adaptation mechanisms which are evident when someone claims to be able to overcome or invalidate what others have control of already and similarly proved by people’s claims to believe in some phenomena that is not the most important or evident fact for them because they’re not concerned in the extent which they have dominated, or helped  in creating, it.
Dimensionality, usurpation or deletion of objects in your environment can be conceived as making use of the same properties of the atmosphere, working in a similar space or effecting the space similarly by repetitively suggesting maturity can be understood further. This is because some objects proximity to another is under scrutiny in such a way when someone is deleting or changing something that considering what would be determined to be an alteration in maturity leaves objects involved in the intellectual working out of maturity ratings from scratch are grouped together in order to specify the characteristics of something outside of the group(this is their joint use).
Interest or internalisation of unspecified sensed targets compared to the foundational product, self esteem (i.e. lower self esteem being more unspecified) or how excited you were when it was happening shows anti-geocentrism/narcissism as the negative affect of television watching. In order words recent developments of personal situation lead to self centred behaviour under confusing or overwhelming situations as otherwise considered self centred behaviour (I’m suggesting self centred behaviour only comes from this possibility in the way that I’m outlining,) are situations that nature calls to determine(e.g. excretion) and if not this case are deceptive.
Fixing something you care about produces opportunities for people who are not able to benefit from the repairs done, especially if they were helping as well, to have any uncomfortable behaviours of others, e.g. strangers, to be conceived as their own fixations on negative reinforcement, sadism or tense muscles.

 
 