[Pleasure Fits]

You can only feel what you can sense, and you can’t sense all of your body, as there is structure supporting your senses.
You always know what you’re sensing. 
Sensing the environment can be mistaken for sensing how or what you’re moving when supporting structures are not developing.

You sense what you are doing to your environment. 
You are moved by your environment.
Things in your environment show you what you’ve done in as many ways as possible as much as possible.

Thinking your senses are giving something to your environment degenerates supporting structures.
You refuse to feel what’s in your environment to prevent development of your supporting structures.
Feeling like there’s more to your environment helps create new senses through developing supporting structures.

You feel different from your environment when your senses are not satisfying, creating misunderstanding for others in your environment.
To value things in your environment more than your senses prevents supporting structures from fusing, improving a sense’s influence and quality.
You don’t understand something in your environment if you’re unable to sense what you want to do in your environment.

You can feel the structures that support sense’s become inactive.
Feeling like you don’t care shows what sense’s can’t be supported by the structure that created them.
Thinking about how you feel allows you to support senses that have the least structure.

Feeling like you rely on something in your environment makes sense of things you think are associated together. 
The sense that you cannot move, or have nothing to offer, shows a new sense being developed.
To think you enjoy one sense more than another shows that your environment is degenerating your supporting structures.

To believe a sense is completely destroyed by its supporting structure being completely degenerated suggests you are feeling something you have previously rejected.
Claiming that a sense is known, or believed, but not a feeling creates means for others to influence you.
Thinking about people you know suggests that supporting structure is developing that has not yet associated with a sense.

Believing that you sense a limitation, the limit of your sense’s capabilities, prevents communication with others.
Attributing direction, or correction, to your senses helps you sense others supporting structures.
Claiming someone is reacting to you supports the sense of purpose in the behaviour you’re displaying.

Believing someone is repulsed by something in their environment restricts a sense’s supporting structure to that sense.
Wanting to focus on your environment shows that you sense someone not appreciating your behaviour.
Feeling unwilling to control your senses allows supporting structure to develop to the extent that you realise these feelings are irrational or not desirable.

Looking for information about your environment reduces the quality, or intensity, of a sense.
Believing that you can sense when you’re being distracted allows supporting structures to develop which aid other’s senses.
Claiming you can sense what others know provides the means for supporting structure to create the sense of taste.

The sense of memory prevents you from influencing your environment.
Believing that someone is hallucinating, or sensing something from a different reality, creates supporting structure for the sense of sight.
The sense that you are uncomfortable with your experience provides means to allow your senses, when in use, to increase the amount of structure supporting them.

To sense a development, or increase in amount, of something in your environment allows you to believe you can feel the supporting structure of your senses.
Believing you are in the process of reconsidering, or making a choice about, something creates supporting structure for the sense of hearing.
Frustration with yourself, or your environment, suggest supporting structure for a rejected sense is being developed but cannot yet produce the sense.

To claim your sense’s can provide you with an explanation, or prevent you from explaining something, creates supporting structure for the sense of dependency or addiction.
To believe you have agreed with someone disagreeing with a claim you’ve made prevents you from getting a sense of the supporting structure for their senses,
Thinking you are attracted to having something look a certain way, or like an image you deem aesthetic or desirable, suggests you have been trying to prevent people from getting a sense of the structure supporting your senses.

The sense that something is repeating suggests a sense is developing underneath some other senses supporting structure, repurposing this structure to be able to sense, allowing people to see how their senses are limiting or that they are unable to sense the structure supporting their senses.
To feel like what you’re doing is degenerating your sense, or health, suggests that a sense is being changed into supporting structure as it no longer can be used or be stimulated.
Claiming your health cannot be improved, because you have a positive sense of your health suggests your supporting structure for the senses that you’re developing not only never will be able to be repurposed as a sense but create a sense of lacking understanding when they degenerate. 

Believing that you can only feel, or make sense of, what you have seen creates the opportunity to claim you have no knowledge of what you have done.
To believe there’s more to something in environment and you’re able to sense it but you fail to understand it, creates supporting structure for the sense of smell.
Thinking that intensifying, or exaggerating, an emotion prevents someone from understanding makes you uncomfortable when sensing another’s supporting structure.

Believing that a certain place, or circumstance, is especially important to you allows you to create the sense of touch on top of one of the other 4 senses, repurposing them as supporting structure.
Thinking that you can sense others opinions of you, especially how significant you are to them, causes senses to degenerate and repurposes the structure supporting them as a sense. 
Claiming that people’s opinions of the community cannot be related to yourself suggest you sense something being censored or oppressed in your environment.

Thinking others people’s behaviour is determined only by their understanding, rather than being determined by the communitys’ understandings, suggests you desire to put yourself in situations where you can claim you do not understand yourself, your life and why anything exists.
Believing you can behave similarly to someone else prevents you from claiming you understand your senses.
The sense of anticipation can only occur for behaviours you understand.
Forcing or holding onto ideas of things is a way to parse or fit ideas into already established concepts in such a way that the thing is integrated as a unit in the functions of the concept.

When I knew what to do about something I’ve repressed I also knew not to worry about deciding on any further action due to the arbitrary nature of repression directing emotional turbulence, tension or systems.