[Relationship Material]

There’s this sense of how you can believe you’ve done everything to communicate completely how you feel towards someone in regards to the quality of your relationship with them, before you have exhausted all of the (obviously) available options. 
This is a lack of relationship material, which develops the quality of the relationship material.
The quantity of relationship material is equal to the number of things someone consciously has a relationship with. This is because a personal relationship with unconscious material relies on conscious relationships.
The fact which has no consistent understanding is illusionary inasmuch as the nature of Relationship Material is the cause of existential qualification.
The words or language which are understood inconsistently, increasing or decreasing in their fluency are illusionary inasmuch as the use of Relationship Material has no quantitative affect in some known existence.
Visualisations are consistent with understandings of language inasmuch as the cultural significance of some Relationship Material is not seen as causing any visual senses, here the characters or letters are as distinct as objects seen.
The extent that Relationship Material is ignored represents an inability to communicate within some situation or habitat where you reside.
The belief that Relationship Material is the cause or involved with some object of a relationship or practice of some subject suggests that what is being communicated about Relationship Material is misunderstood or done so in order for it to be conceived intangibly.
The total capacity of someone’s understanding of an object or subject is represented by their self-esteemed ability to create sustainable appearances.
Things that are potentially related to Relationship Material are themselves a product of their partner or associated elements. In this way everything can tolerate, absorb or process everything else as much as all other things.
Relationship Material does not interact via synchronicity, nor can it be involved in any synchronicities. In this case a synchronicity implies Relationship Material is dematerialising. 
Relationship material grows by (or in accordance with) the appearance of conflict within (or between) some object of relationship material and the existence of someone’s Relationship Material.
The most important properties of Relationship Material are that which are also associated with life through Relationship Material (or that RM which represents some host’s life). This shows Relationship Material being more important than life where the symbiosis of RM has a greater affect than that host’s life.

A persistent hallucination appears to create anxiety which Relationship Material can present as hostility inasmuch as the consistent reality is not relied upon in someone’s relationships with others. 
To believe someone is being affected or directed by some hallucinatory experience or expectation prevents Relationship Material from forming with those in your locality.
The Centre Of Religion (COR) or the Central Religious Unit (CRU) determines what religion a person depends on due to some dynamic or quality of their Relationship Material.
The sense I have of how the opportunities life has for me currently affects everything in my environment so much so that the potential for myself to reconsider something creates tangible effects inasmuch as I am representing the Relationship Material that I am currently manifesting.
The imitation, maintenance and execution of objects of my Relationship Material conceptions refer to an ability for someone to interact with or remember some conception of behaviour satisfying the criteria presented to someone by Relationship Material.

To continue feeling like your Relationship Material (i.e. as if you’re responsible for being (part of) someone else’s Relationship Material) we have feelers which connect to each other via websites which form due to protocol.
To believe someone’s feelers have spatial awareness or intelligence, dictating their position via coordination in spatial dimensions promotes resistive movement from your feeler, reinforcing it’s current condition and position. 
Feelers began in the centre;
From then on then tried not to stay in the centre, at least not too much.