[Smashing Down On Us]

Where legal activity is conceived as the dominant force of apparent or occupational motivation no subordinates, unwilling or unable to innovate on their current given task, have conceptions of what may be Smashing Down On Us.
Just like legislation, the primary object of legal activity, an individual which appears to be approaching another (in this case the other is the law, and the individual is a citizen) actually is diverging from their object; this only becomes evident at termination, when the individual becomes too disagreeable or antagonistic towards their object as things are Smashing Down On Us.
Legal activity is seen as an “authorities only” activity if they are sensually reduced to only using their visual senses whilst exercising authority. Or otherwise the technologies used by authorities are seen for what they functioning to do in order the create the effect of them Smashing Down On Us especially for those in their locality.

Neuroticism as preparing to lie:
-To the least satisfying option.
-It’s exciting and boring.
-Thinking what is Smashing Down On Us is your responsibility, providing no opportunity.

A resistance to the possibility of there being phenomena or evidence of what is Smashing Down On Us can be elaborated inasmuch as I have the sexual desire to do so, in this case a sexual encounter provides the means for an explanation which would be desired to be researched by my chosen sex object.
The power of what is Smashing Down On Us can be detected inasmuch as the sense of reality is resisted, this is because of the negative or downwards force that is attractive or similar to the sexual object which is being identified with. 
The purpose of having the ability to be Smashing Down On Us can be represented, maintained and elaborated upon through someone’s understanding on the affect bodily gestures can have during conversation or persuasion.

Hell is Smashing Down On Us where there’s the potential for fire everywhere around and the only way to escape will turn you into an animal.
A hallucination is Smashing Down On Us inasmuch as we claim to share feelings about some visual aspect’s nature. The 
Imagining that the global earth model was faked (by NASA?) in order to see who would be tempted by ideas of taking over or changing the world but prone to imitation or laziness.
The sense that our bodies are made up of disconnected parts allows the objects Smashing Down On Us to be used as the foundation of what exists between the gaps of our bodies.

Who is the Calypso enigma? 
The ability of the Significant-Other organ to validate, stimulate or complement structures of organ systems without the Significant-Other organ to oscillate, reverse or repress their function inasmuch as the Significant-Other organs allows the sense of the environment to the host to be communicated to someone without the Significant-Other organ.
This is the Grassroots illusion, I.e. the illusionary existence of the Grassroots phenomena.

When attention is placed upon something by someone, it is evident that the nature of what they have put their attention upon is being revealed to the observer. If anything is Smashing Down On Us it would be a suitable alternative to the theory of attention inasmuch as this thing would be able to bestow upon us the shape, or more importantly nature, of what we have our attention upon.

The theatrics of Smashing Down On Us involve observation to the extent that an individual would consider somebody else as the focus, best or gatekeeper of whatever anyone other than this person that the individual is considering is an authority, employee or enthusiast of.

A visible feature would have Onomatopoeic disciplinary actions, in legal activity this is evidenced by the conformal behaviours of people participating in legal activities. An invisible disciplinary action features Loxodromic disciplinary actions evidenced by the ability for people participating in legal activities to direct themselves and others.

The effect of people not accepting offers to participate in certain activities or the development of certain disciplines, as it allows them to still observe the processes which they have no means to participate in, will lead to rejection imposing the will of the rejector where they still have the means to observe the processes.