[Telekinesis and Telepathy (Television and Telescopes)]

Telepathy ruins relationships rather than psychopathy. 
Telekinesis aligns people’s behaviour.
Emotions are not a telescope, rather they’re a television, programmed by someone.

Telepathy creates the impression you can get along with someone because you can’t explain their behaviour.
Influence’s primary mechanism is telekinesis. 
Believing someone does not mean you know more about them rather, belief is like a telescope, they appear more significant.

Seeing yourself as uncertain or insecure suggests someone is affecting you telepathically.
When someone feels they lack control their telekinetic understanding is being shown to others.
Believing things appear inside, or on(upon), a television screen suggests the scope of reality is being reduced.

Trying to make a place better or wanting to go to a better place, suggests you are using telepathy to change your responsibility of a situation.
Thinking that you are agreeing with what someone is saying, but not what they’re doing, creates the idea that telekinesis is a two way process.
Rejecting someone’s emotions is seen as rational when television is seen as presenting a reality.

Feeling like you are holding back or not expressing yourself fully, is creating opportunity to telepathically influence whoever can be blamed for this.
Thinking an experience is confusing or overwhelming prevents you from using telekinesis.
Televisions represent a telescope into how you represent your environment.

Trying to change things with telepathy shows that you do not wish for these things to be in your environment.
Feeling like you’ve been doing the same thing, or can repeat the past, shows that telekinesis isn’t one individual’s responsibility. This is because you do not interact with yourself telekinetically. 
Whenever you’re experiencing the most desirable emotions you can remember feeling, realise you’re using television as a telescope to see the things that you are furthest from experiencing.

Suggesting that the target of telepathy experiences a physical effect creates the idea that someone has produced, or invented, something new.
Claiming that you do not watch television allows you to mistake telekinetic influence for emotions that are out of control.
You can treat all of your senses like a telescope, increasing its significance.

To think you can, or have, overcome a sense that provides oppressive, or censoring, effects to your environment suggests telekinesis is the same as telepathy.
To suggest your claims about the environment, especially the future, are predictive prevents you from producing emphasis, or being a nurturer, in emotions you highly value.
Believing someone is expecting, or attached to, an emotion suggests television is being used to reduce their responsibility in the relationship.

Claiming you have experienced your environment improving shows that supporting structure can be made to sense this change.
Feeling like you misunderstood something, especially something heard, suggests that you have senses you are not willing to use.
Believing you prefer someone over another multiplies a sense, these copies all have different supporting structures.

Believing someone can provide influence telepathically creates the means for you to feel like something in your environment is not physical, or has no physical properties.
To claim you have made no distinction in how much you like the people you’ve met allows you to think television can be used to explain, or display, reality.
Claiming you’ve been influenced by telekinesis prevents you from relating to people that have malicious intent.

Telepathically communicating an undesirable, or immoral, intention or situation can seem possible if emotions are not seen as fundamental to every movement.
Incorrect perceptions of telekinesis only create problems for the community when they are viewed as restricted, or solely expressed or displayed by, television.
Believing you should not have performed an action, claiming you do not know what you were about to do or that you did not expect yourself to behave in a certain way creates the idea for those in your environment that you wish to act as a telescope to aid them in seeing their behaviour more closely, I.e. significantly. 

To suggest telekinesis effects your senses, or is produced by a sense, allows you to claim that you can point out what you do not understand.
To believe you have performed something incorrectly, or are ineffective at expressing yourself, suggests you are telepathically communicating a need to change your opinion of what you’re doing.
To claim someone is addicted to viewing television shows that, in the situation where this claim is made, the person has no understanding why or how this circumstance is possible.

Making the claim the experiences occur in time, or are connected by time, creates the idea that you can produce a telescopic affect telekinetically.
Believing that someone, or what they produce, is not being influenced by anyone else allows you to stop producing emotions when watching television.
Thinking that a feeling is making you perform an action prevents you from understanding how you are being affected telepathically.

Feeling pain in a particular part of the body, especially your head, shows that you’ve rejected the opportunity to understand how you’re being affected telepathically.
Thinking you cannot make a claim that prevents someone from expressing themselves allows you to ignore opportunities where you can telekinetically influence everyone in your community.
Believing that your plans for the future determine the likelihood of you being able to do what you want programs your sense of indifference, or dislike, for your behaviour. The plans act as a telescope making you apprehensive of certain desires or feelings.

To claim someone needs to express themselves more allows you to get a sense of how they are influenced telepathically.
To think two or more things are expressing, or mean, the same thing create the means for you to influence these things telekinetically.
Believing that you can respect someone without supporting them emotionally, or by getting others to support them a similar way, suggests you only use hateful emotions as a telescope (so your sense of significance causes you to hate others) or are comfortable with expressing hateful emotions towards a television.

Thinking words represent, or refer to, activities rather than expressing someone’s understanding creates the suggestion that you can sense what people are doing who are far away, where your ability to use your emotions as a telescope to change the significance of things around you, or close to you, ceases.
Believing a place, individual or behaviour is not fundamentally (another word for) an activity creates the telekinetic suggestion of insecurity, indifference or destruction in your environment.
Claiming something immoral or incorrect is shown on a television suggests you are attempting to initiate a telepathic communication with what you believe is displayed on the television.

Preferring to not speak when feeling optimally, doing what you believe is most desirable for you, does not only suggest you are illiterate in most of the situations or activities you can remember but telepathically communicates to those who do what you like, making you feel good, that they are as valuable to you as television.
Getting frustrated whilst trying to remember something suggests your telescopic function of focus is being telekinetically influenced by the judgement you have for how a type, group, class, kind or gender appears preferably or attractively. The difference between the liked and disliked is mistaken for the range(short-long term) of your memory.
Believing you can offend or insult someone based on describing their behaviour prevents you from influencing them telekinetically.

To think feelings create, initiating and encouraging, movement suggests you have been negatively affecting, or influencing, yourself telekinetically.
Believing that people can speak dishonestly but show you the truth non-verbally creates the sense that hearing someone expressing their emotional reality creates telepathic connections.
Thinking about activities suggests you’re being influenced by the experience of expressing a lack of understanding when watching a television or looking though a telescope.

Telekinesis affects someone’s telepathic connections by creating an order, rank or story for each person they know in order to suggest to the host the opportunities they have to individuate at any given moment.
Telekinesis is sensed differently from how televisions are sensed as there’s no structure, mechanism or substances supporting or influencing telekinetic affects, televisions present themselves alongside it’s supporting structure, hiding its causal mechanism and in accord with the nature of the substance it is made from. The sense of someone being influenced represents telekinesis to the extent that a sense of meaning is simultaneously provided or is embedded in the function of the sensed influential behaviour where no meaning is sensed in this case as it is the influence of someone’s telepathic connections.
Televisual experiences are the results, or byproducts, of telekinetic influence. Here it is clear how the sense of touch derives a sense of sight, by concluding, confirming or persuading some sensed target object (e.g. a person you’re influencing) to feel like it has produced some certain or specifically beneficial effect for themselves or yourself, this essentially gives you the opportunity to either feel the deception created between yourself and what is influenced (which disguises your influence over the other, to the other) or see exactly what the other object is doing.

When unrealistic expectations are assumed to be promoted or displayed on television the underlying mechanisms are disregarded as being homogeneous which reflects a televisions dissimilarity to telescopes. In the same way telepathy is founded on simpler interactions between people, which when failing to communicate resemble the complexity of the bodies of those who are interacting telekinetically as a physical effect occurs which doesn’t vary in meaning or intensity at different scales or distances.
When someone has difficulty experiencing telekinesis or telepathy the pain can be seen as being a function of their dismissal or resistance to authoritative sensations, here the supporting structure has to support whatever they are making sense of with a reference to them losing, consuming or destroying the medium or relationship they have with someone who is involved in creating their experience, this can lead to them forming new telepathic connections.

Your probably going to, if you are going to say thinking’s physical, believe that telekinesis is.
Profession as one persons side of a conversation. Theorise into telepathy as you’ve know them before.
How the eternal perspective is established between 3 generations.

The negative affect of learning on telepathic attitudes and telekinetic navigation is that consideration of how material is changed in order to satisfy ideas of controlling having a texture in itself.
The Marxist and Marx himself being distinguished as telepathy and telekinesis where the former historical and political effect is derived from the latter actual feeling.

Being the type of person who views aboriginal people as worthy of support due to their holistic approach to life provides telekinesis through a rising spirit.

/journey
Chronicle:
1.Direct manipulation of toys.
2.Self flying.