[Want Constant]

The work/study/life of ancestry makes you an ancestor like how academia makes you an academic.
The most effective means of paraphrasing is using the three-fold-consideration(3FC):
1)Providing an interpretation of your initial impulse[unconscious], 2)Explaining how it relates to your life[ideal],
 3)Concluding with a reference to what the phrase, quote or subject inspired you to do[conscious].
4)Continuing with the hope of receiving more elementary knowledge which makes theory more conscious[repetition].

Turn the speaking into kissing so the cumming won’t be pissing.
Developing your immune system allows your organs to function more harmoniously. 
To feel like continuing a habit prevents development of new organs or functions of vessels.

Cyclelogy  -  Science of Observation
Sacredology  -  Life of Pschoanalysis
Ancestry - A U/A Promise of Goodness  - Esoteric Release Insight(rather than a neurotoxin inihinibition an impression from childhood, the past); Freud’s Classical Psychoanalysis: Ideal Behaviour derives Childhood experience/interpretations and Neurotic(Crazy)Tendencies

Do important people need a place.
If you don’t get a lot you aren’t giving enough.
All I have is my word. and associates-incorporated.
Medical (like quantum) physics
Free:Culinary Intuitionally(Gossip-Proof Definitions = historical significance)

Habits are the same as illusions, pretending or disguising to the extent that currency is valued rather than intelligently appreciated for its physical properties.
People you appreciate can become currency for you to the extent that they do not value their relationship with you and they enjoy being unconscious with you.
Believing you want to participate in an activity with someone suggests you have desires to be currency, therefore valued and exchanged, by them.

Several units is a function and several functions are a system.
Units can break down into someone’s interpretation of them and this is made up of someones present understanding of the system.
Something appears to be aligning, waiting to be included or preventing individuation and independent understanding when things are believed to be able to express the same emotions.

Developing your impressions of your community occurs when everything is seen as a means of providing you with an interpretation of your community that promises or promotes desirable activities.
Feeling different from what you claim, lying about your opinion or changing your mind and what you identify with suggests you do not trust or enjoy what you’ve been producing for your community.
The things in your environment can be interpreted in the same way or using the same emotions to the extent that you believe they are not communicating with you. 

Feeling responsible for people’s behaviour in your environment suggests you understand as much of the physical properties of the currency valued in your community as you do of yourself.
Thinking about responsibility negatively, enthusiastically or suspiciously creates the sense of things having a particular purpose that, if not done, inevitably leads to losing all purpose.
Making sure that the interpretations you have of your environment do not produce a need for control, pleasure or ritual is how you create the physical properties of your ideal.

Burdens, shitting on others and baggage are synonymous to the extent things appear in your environment to be especially made for your community, people similar to you or represent all good things in your community.
Your relationship with things, including people, in your environment are not created, depending or developed by direct interaction or participating in an activity together rather when you both interact through a similar part of your environment, a related stage or approach to life and a recognisable means to process aspirations.
Your emotions produce the understanding someone appears to have about the community.

The sense or feeling of searching, wanting or looking through and for something is actually way of seeing activities habitually.
Mistaking your body for thoughts occurs when you have rejected a way of developing your body.
Remembering or realising something creates the idea that you can continue to support something you’ve rejected through further rejection.

Rejecting apparent developments in your responsibility to your environment, such as unfamiliar new ideas or meaningfully weird feelings, show what emotions you appreciate for satisfying the need or sense of being rejected.
Feeling like you hate yourself suggests you desire to stop the development of relationships with the people you believe hate themselves the most.
Attributing your desires to change the community to a response of creating an opposition to people that do not associate with, appreciate, deem as a responsible authority to or see as influencing anyone suggests you have mistaken attributes of people in your family with those you enjoy being with outside of your family.

Preventing relationships from developing is reacted to negatively, surprisingly or indifferently when the sense of someone’s self esteem is not understood as being based on how they’ve thought about the opportunities that have been most pleasurable, helpful for the community or insightful into their personality.
Claiming there’s problems with your behaviour, ideas or feelings are opportunities for you to see how the pope fails to influence the community producing the desire to move without meaning or understanding as if you don’t need to responsibly use your body and interact with your environment consistently to the extent that you aren’t concerned with the situations that can potentially happen.
Out of body experience or feeling like you can’t change your environment represent opportunities to express your opinion about someone’s unconscious behaviour.

To be attracted to something that appears around you is considered a means of control when you’re unable to interpret what your purpose in the situation is. This creates a desire for you to imitate what you’re attracted to in order to maintain the state of the relationship, your feeling about the relationship’s meaning and the effect the relationship has on the community.
Moving towards something that you believe you can attain prevents further action and restricts your understanding of the community to a competition. This intention is how people allow themselves to repeat an experience because these movements, with a purpose of taking something from your environment, provide you with the reward in the moment they’re no longer needed and therefore are influencing you to give up the enjoyment, control or concept of how you’re moving.
Seeing something as made up of parts, levels or sides prevents you from thinking it can support your ideals. This is attributed to the variation that these distinctions cause which promote the possibility of you using it, i.e. the thing split into sections, as a means to create alternative rewards for people you do not deem worthy of your full appreciation and therefore are attempting to punish them by treating them as if they only need a fraction of their needs fulfilled.

The hysteria(mental health) laws were nurtured by psychoanalysis as the legal language changed, the modern hate crimes (terrorism) can only be anticipated by the Retarded Scum theory and therefore any future legal developments in language must be dictated first through Ancestry.
In 2018, having two mental health acts in force and twelve counter-terrorism(hate) acts in force suggests there will be a higher number of acts legislated for the next public issue.
In the future financial concerns will be illegal as they provoke people into wanting to be violent to established, supportive or indifferent people.

The appeal of the negative action towards people with financial concerns relates to the human need to simplify something that appears to be confusing people. The legal system will therefore change it’s language to attend to the issue of lawsuits being used to take away and grant financial freedom. This will be done through dictating the quality of living that is associated with specific lifestyle choices, e.g. education, occupation, hobby and intimacy, where mobility provided by education promotes financial concerns if the individual does not aspire for an occupation that is either a compliment to their hobby or analogous to their hobby, furthermore any perceived affect on someone’s intimate relationships from activities chosen for career or non-familial social support promotes financial concerns as long as someone in the relationship is taking steps to alter the relationship, e.g. by adding therapy, ultimatums or interventions into the relationship.
Financial concerns cause people to display a false personality which prevents the development of relationships to a point of the relationship being mutually beneficial and a commitment to each other’s pleasure. This is because either person relates to the value or currency they’ve created as much as they do to the person, effectively halving the passion of the interactions between them. In order to double the compassion in the relationship from the halved point one person must provide the other with a sense of appreciation that cannot be attributed to currency, such as giving over your responsibilities to them, expecting them to develop their interactions with the community to an equal extent as you or presuming every interaction with them represents their feelings for you. Interactions that double the passion between two individuals are created when neither of the individuals worry about each other’s finances, they cannot physically harm one another in any way or life is celebrating the coming together of the two people.
Financial concerns can be mistaken for appreciating yourself so legislation must take into account the ideas people exchange that can be repurposed as descriptions of products, objects or motivation which have the effect of misleading people into thinking there’s an alternative to relating, caring or being concerned with other individuals, e.g. because a service is very convenient or a process produces a lot of wealth. Legislation must also describe how confusing people creates financial concerns as they falsely remember their experience leading them to taking on responsibilities to reinforce another’s impressions of their experience which prevents novel ideas from being developed and therefore makes unoriginality seem meaningful for as long as they are reinforcing their obsessions.

Financial concerns prevent people from seeing their ideas as facing outwards, asserting their dominance, supporting their ideals or continuing their familial legacy because their responsibility to earn currency is dependent on what legislation is enforced. Someone is able to express their opinion to the extent that they understand that legislation allows them to do so and the people they are communicating to are not motivated to either create legislation to limit their speech or can use legislation to punish them for their actions. This means encouraging people to be retarded can still occur unless legislation includes, as a punishable offence, someone emphasising the notion that an experience is repeating, i.e. discouraging someone from interpreting the same thing from different experiences or different parts of an experience.
Post-terrorism legislation will attempt to reduce financial concern to the extent that the public, and means of attaining publicity, are supportive of individuality and where people disrupt each other’s experience of intimacy with one and another legislation will dictate criteria for profiling people with financial concerns that produce deterrents to people striving for intimacy that they’re unable to maintain or that reduce their integrity in familial relations. The reduction will be insignificant for the community when someone develops the responsibility to preemptively punish individuals who intend to prevent others from forming intimate relationships or improve their impressions of intimacy.
To ensure the legislation cannot initially be misused, i.e. to promote financial concerns, proscriptions for the individuals that have established industry that has been developing at the expense of others will be put in place in order to discourage customers and stakeholders from further investing their resources into the particular business which shows further evidence for it’s promotion of financial concerns if this affects their influence as a business. This application of the anti-financial concern legislation can be prevented when individuals reinvest poorly utilised profits into similarly negative, in terms of it creating financial concerns in people, ideas or innovations to repurpose them as a means of creating high esteem for people in the community.

Abnormal behaviour reduces financial concerns to the extent that someone does not believe there is a solution to providing a sense of normality to the situation the abnormal behaviour occurs in, this means there’s no intention for anyone in this circumstance to do anything other than understand what one and another are feeling about the community. These feelings are mistaken for being personal, or about someone’s body, when there’s a lack of understanding about who is influential in the community and how people behave when they’re being influenced, this confuses people when they claim they are responsible for how much of their life they comprehend, i.e. why something’s happened, how it started and can stop or the effects on things they appreciate, where someone will only be able to improve their understanding of life as they find out more about what happens to the things they appreciate. This can manifest as more confidence is shown by people they appreciate, or are doing things they appreciate, which includes them claiming they have more freedom to act and more satisfaction in developing their means to continue doing what they appreciate.
Legislation provides retarded scum with the means to influence other scum as it positively reinforces their desires to prevent people from developing their understanding of the community. This happens as everything in the community that is able to be treated as new even when it is a repetition of something that’s happened in the community is outlined in the legislation and enforced to ensure the most beneficial result is produced, that is one that at least allows one individual to individuate, living in a distinct way in the community. Retarded scum are prevented from discouraging individuation through legislations responsibility to provide a sense of security to those who use it, e.g. people issuing lawsuits and lawyers, and its subsequent deterrent affect on the community to appreciate the results of any lawsuit which encourage retarded scum to only interact with each other through a means that emphasises the results of a lawsuit.
Legislation about reducing financial concerns will not be weird because peaceful people will be normalised through its enforcement, where hostile people will be punished if they have any publicity. The normalisation is due to the criteria outlined for offences that put people’s property at risk, where no benefit can be produced from the risk, or prevent people from understanding how to best use the currency they have, where improper use can lead to violence, theft or avoidance of responsibility when financial concerns arise and therefore maintaining the concern which could have been reduced if a person is knowledgable in the affect of their currency upon them.

Legislation regulates the symptoms claimed to be suffered by potential patients through its deterrent and demotivating affects on people displaying behaviour that is proscribed by the legislative act. A diagnosis of schizophrenia represents the patient’s determination to stay in accordance with current legislation because it leaves the patient vulnerable to significant stigma, experimental treatment and government benefits.
Legislative regulations are ineffective when enforced by anxious people, or when they induce anxiety in people, this is because schizophrenic deception is maintained by anxious behaviour (I.e. when people are convinced of a schizophrenics reality they become anxious initially and are only able to overcome the persuasion by reducing the ur anxiety about their interactions with those suffering from schizophrenia), the victim and the abuser (who can be blamed for the cause of a case of schizophrenia) limit and determine respectively the opportunities that are available to be participated in within the relationship in accord with mistaking legislation for a tool utilised by trained specialists or having an unambiguous and unchanging affect in the community.
How a legislative act exhausts it’s significance is dependent on how the community relates, defines and utilises schizophrenic behaviour where the anxiety a legislative act causes for people restricts it’s enforcement where the people’s understanding of schizophrenia is similarly limited (note how easy it is to enforce laws in hospitals, especially governmentally prioritised hospitals).

Legislation protects and disguises the stigma for Stockholm syndrome as it exaggerates and vilifies people suffering from schizophrenia which suggests people suffering and becoming abusive due to Stockholm syndrome do not have a delusional view of reality, especially where they create more cases of Stockholm syndrome through kidnapping for example, this doesn’t mean there cannot be comorbidity it’s just that Stockholm syndrome will be treated foremost and a successful treatment will deem the patient as functional regardless of their  view of reality because they have disguised an attachment to their captor with an attachment to their healer, e.g. therapist.
Believing something equivalent to an interpretation (.e.g. some process of thought) but can be conceived as made up of separate parts who are understood as existing outside of the whole it is apart of is considered as representing failed intentions to position or identify yourself in some anticipated or fully understood circumstance that you’ve experienced in recent memory. This is because questionable behaviour disguises intentions, hiding the point of things, suggesting if you questioned your own behaviour you have obscured, confusing yourself, some intention of yourself.

Due to financial concerns appearing as a violation of agreement of currency exchanged for a commodity, violence against women is severed from gender equality and inequality philosophically making it more likely for the wealthy to be violent.