[Without Delete]

		Maintain an outstanding level of customer service focus whilst dealing with customers
Situation- lottery telephone fundraising campaign getting support
Object- targets 6 per shift 
Action- determine the best pitch to inform customers, used script as a brief as it contains all of the key information. Changed based on how the conversations went with people, I asked why they wouldn’t donate if they didn’t want it updated accordingly. Wrote down my improvisations that they enjoyed, seem to get the donation.
Results- created 450 supports in 3months, 2weeks bonuses.
Aftermath- Asked to work with amnesty campaign, understand need to be persistent and always looking to improve your presentation for biggest returns.
		Provide exemplary support to our customers, internal and external
Situation- set up for a pizza distribution companies 20 year anniversary, food was dropped at another table people were asked to leave extra waiting.
Object- had to wait a few tables after putting together and decorating tables
Action- after making sure my clients were happy with their food and drinks I checked on the kitchen staff to see if they were ready for the next course, with kitchen staff for when meals were ready and clients had any issues with meals.
Results- served all 4 courses on time keeping glasses full
Aftermath- £30 tip importance of being careful and professional to minimise risk, and satisfy high maintenance clients.
		Ensure all work is logged and updated using our proprietary ticketing system
Situation-Team Leader at StreetPR, viavan roomclean app installation lead generation
Object- Pickup materials, taking down info for a group of 4 including me, how many leaflets given out, the leads generated, downloads generated, confirm promotional materials before shift, inform the manager of the amount of leaflets leftover.
Action- Measured the amount of leaflets I gave out, take away from what they gave back, mine too. Called all my team members before the shift, made sure they knew where to meet, determined where the best places in the designated area were to promote that were equally busy
Results- handed out about 400 leaflets in 3 hours, talked to about 20 members of the public, 1500 leaflets as a team.
Aftermath- asked to be team leader on later shifts, good feedback from team they all enjoyed the shift. Importance of communication and team work so everyone performs their best
		Have the ability to work under pressure
Situation- at Wembley stadium serving drinks, managing bar staff, communicating well the staff around the stadium.
Object- keep the crowd small at peak times like the beginning and half times
Action- during slower times, prepared 100 popular drinks about 15less popular based on earlier that day, checked that beverage tank was full as it gets empty sometimes, spoke to manager to contact the kitchen team to fill if empty.
Results- Served 2000 drinks in an 8 hour shift, got the crowd down from about 250 at a time to 20 by game time.
Aftermath- little complaints or hassle from fans, asked back to the stadium consistently for the rest of my time there of 8 months, asked to manage the bar 5 times in my last month. Understanding the need to innovate, use all materials and space possible to make everything go smoothly,
——————-
B&Q-
Situation- front end support showing customers around, promotion
Object- get customers to consider buying extra batteries, glue, tape, air fresheners all at the till.
Action- I made sure customers got what they planned to get, confirming it was exactly what they wanted and recommended some extras based on their diy plans.
Results- sold 100 till-goods by the end of an 8 hour shift, got to deal with customers at returns and in the garden centre.
Aftermath- Asked to stay for overtime since my performance was satisfactory. Understand the important on doing a job fast and correctly

MASH, ASDA,
Situation- Brand ambassador for new products at Asda, promotion and sampling.
Object- served customers needs in store and attract customers from the local area,
Action- asked all the customers near me, at a convenient time, if there was anything particular they were looking for or if they’ve found what they wanted. Hand out samples whilst enhancing customers about our deals, location and what they may want from us.
Result- gave out a trolley full of goods, 3 times, 50 popcorn, 50 crisps and 100 vouchers. Walked 20 customers back to the store
Aftermath- People recognised me on the way home, asked back to work as leader ambassador, ensuring promotional products are delivered on the right date and that there’s no overstocking whilst making sure we have a suitable number of staff.understand the importance of friendly staff we’re representing a big name.
—————-
Situation: The interviewer wants you to present a recent challenge and situation you found yourself in.
Objective: What did you have to achieve? The interviewer will be looking to see what you were trying to achieve from the situation.
Action: What did you do? The interviewer will be looking for information on what you did, why you did it and what were the alternatives.
Results: What was the outcome of your actions? What did you achieve through your actions and did you meet your objectives.
Aftermath: What did you learn from this experience and have you used this learning since?
——————-
What is being professional:
Profess your feelings and your love for their feelings.
