Cool to alms. [paraphrasing into School to Museums (Drive*Over*Highest*Master to Think/Mind*Do/Put/Place)]

Formalities and Traditions appeal to The Order of The Hospital through positive transference, or psychoanalytic catharsis(release), allowing business to run smoothly.

The 17th Earl of Oxford propagandised the British Monarchy through Shakespeare, secrecy and loving poetry.

Psychoanalysis communicates the content of a system or person. A recognition or respect of academia supports scientifically verified information, but has no way of creating content, and is influential in all communities because academic accomplishments require successful clinical applications.

We can lose faith in knowing what is good for ourselves, a symptom of this are troubles in life, to compensate our past and future become inaccessible or misunderstood. The desire to be responsible or the belief that someone is irresponsible represents the character communicated to friends and family through your behaviour and mannerisms; similarly to want to change your personal situation through trickery or verbal communication reduces any dependency on others.

[Expressing one emotion at a time to appeal to racism break]=#EOEAATTATRB

HOW MANY SECTions <<¥<<<,!,,,!!!!
  _
| x | 
 Box with a cross through

 _
 v
 \|/
Equilateral triangle cut in thirds

THAT’S NOT EVEN IT
When i called them slow 

Psychoanalysis is by no means a school of thought or a way of thinking, instead a person’s attempts to understand their own humanity is analysed and their ability to interpret this as more important than the present environment provides psychoanalysis as the rationale for past experience being as intimately represented in present circumstances as thoughts about your surroundings.

#ESETATRB
IF YOU MAKE ONE SIDE REALLY BAD, YOU MAKE the other one really bad.


People reject Psychoanalysis by not using the name, potentially resorting to it’s descendent psychology, unwittingly gatekeeping their understanding of the 'ksubject and how it influences behaviour, however this does not effect the psychoanalytical function of perception (which is our freedom to interpret as we wish) when responsibilities redirect attention to controlling someone’s personality rather than understanding problems or emotions.

All subjects appear to have a learning curve and suggest information is not personally subjective in the same way psychoanalysis can be understood with the Oedipus Complex as suggested by Sigmund Freud, which provides an understanding of disorders(and the necessary order and management) in the form of a character created for theatre. This allows the improvement being experienced to be reinterpreted as a desire to develop a subject rather than a conscious expression of you ability to do so.
The SEXUALLY FRUSTRATED may, i.e. allow themselves to MISTAKE psychoanalysis for science.

[#EOEAATTATRB]
Vampire Empire 
Vain my pair

mathematics, physics, astronomy, biology (including human anatomy) and chemistry 

Consciousness is to psychoanalysis as mythology is to modern science. This compensates for the spatial metaphors used in understanding illness and management of a person such as feeling low, looking up, being centred. The compensation creates a context for strongly held claims of lacking control in regards to the psychoanalytical considerations of understanding present circumstances in terms of being a product of developing childhood behaviour, interpretations of history and ideas of family or community.

Seeing the objects around you as resulting from everyone’s desire for the space that the object finds itself in, including the parts of the environment that it influences, will show you how your behaviour relates or is perceived by people in the community. This is because you are comparing your own interpretation of the object with how you suppose others view the object, which is dependent on your relationship with them, and this provides you with an understanding of how (much) the object (e.g. an advertisement) supports the aspirations and influence you both have. This comparison outlining the amount of skill you and others have in activities that are restricted to the environment which the object finds itself in.
:S2M
To prefer your apparent environment more than your personal history, is to be hysterical. Here, the restrictions of the present environment have been personally exaggerated to impossible or unachievable opportunities. Your behaviour compensates by emphasising the importance or influence of conflict. An environment can be conceived psychoanalytically in the same way personal interpretations that cannot be related to a community limit behaviour within a community, similarly your influence in an environment is equal to your understanding of it. The more hysterical people in a community the more functional they will appear, further preventing an understanding of personal history.

Concern with negativity in life is a symptom of avoiding your personal ideals. The understanding of happiness, or what is happening, is changed by thoughts about everyday life, consequently we imitate behaviours we remember in others. The responsibility to choose who we like and dislike allows us to understand our intentions and emotions, when others are indifferent or ignorant. The extent that another is characterised negatively or unnaturally depends on how much your relationship with them provides you with an understanding of your ideal behaviour, this negativity can be seen to prevent communication if thoughts about everyday life include periods of isolation from your environment.

Describing conscious behaviours as being caused by other behaviours, or suggesting that your actions are meant to inform others’ actions and vice versa, is a symptom of behaviour being influenced by past experiences which are interpreted as sexual. This allows for behaviour to be conceptualised in regards to the understanding of your own emotional responses to the environment, which are created as you act, compensating for expectations of reward or change.

Attributing consistency or universality to behaviour creates sexual emotions. When improper behaviour is misrepresented as difficult to repeat or imitate and sensible behaviour is seen as what is easily remembered neutral or insignificant behaviours are seen as lacking emotions or occurring without emotional affect and are interpreted as personally impossible or as ideal behaviour, for example engineering or computing activity taken out of a context of developing the community.

Differences between internal and external reality prevent critical thought and emotional vulnerability as the thinking process is exaggerated to become a product influenced by external impressions which can have superiority over any internal activity, or vice versa, subjecting people to a exclusively external universe. This prevents ideas of a universe from being developed through appreciation, or allow a person to see themselves as practical in contrasting circumstances as ideas of superiority cannot always be applied, leaving them vulnerable to believing they’re inferior and therefore suppressing emotions or influence.

Reducing understanding to a feeling creates an association with something that can be conceptualised, interacted with and consequently change the relationship with a chosen object or experience. This association compensates for the possibility that  experience can provide to someone a lack of understanding which will be seen as at least beneficial. Therefore allowing a person to believe they have benefited from being able to express their lack of understanding must be followed by a positive feeling about their decision to give attention to, or participate in, the misunderstood experience.

Force can be psychoanalytically conceived as a suggestion that provides the opportunity to develop their interpretations of influence in a community in regards to their perception of their behaviour or self-esteem. This recreates the force in a way that allows people to manipulate their understanding of humanity by asserting their opinion of an experience and it’s influence on others.

The presumption that human qualities can be interpreted as restricted to one gender or demographic facilitates the infantile submissiveness of socialisation. To restrict a person’s ability to create understandable interpretations will degenerate personality, suggesting sexual perversion or corruption, in which attractive or influential behaviour is associated with responsibility to perform rather than the understanding of their humanity. The interest in performing compensates for the tendency to reject what’s being communicated in order to be submissive like an archetypal child, limiting your ability to gain an understanding.

Leonardo Da Vinci *
Vision excludes genius and similarly infinity is inclusive of confusion. To associate desires with sense, or lack thereof, suggests this person misinterprets genius as limitless, and senselessness as limited, this creates a confused perception of humanity to the extent that beliefs are acted upon. The person’s entire experience of life is mistaken for a process of interpreting and applying beliefs where previously this process was the function of sense or intelligence, in this case believing in genius excites and is equal to the perception of genius, this can be seen as occurring randomly as vision or meaning has been excluded from the process of perceiving which compensates for a lack of interest in what is sensed or known.
*

The pursuit of knowledge can be mistaken for a form of competition in the same way competitiveness can be interpreted as a natural inclination. Conflict can be psychoanalytically conceived to the extent that someone believes they can obtain the same knowledge they perceive in some other person. The idea that knowledge can be hidden creates the perception of personality being different in others, providing a desire to compete, whether or not the competition takes priority is based on the amount of knowledge a person has about the situation. Psychoanalysis creates a context for competition that excludes knowledge on the basis of a lack of co-operation, this means conflicted parties are unable to rationally communicate. Competition requires a non-competitive situation prior to initiating conflict to deprive the involved parties of the knowledge of circumstances that’ll lead them into conflict.


The perception of an attraction to ideals is a representation of the unconscious actions that performed in order to compensate for a fear of understanding the purpose, or function, of beliefs in a superior authority. Attraction functions to provide the understanding of the potential of ideals which can be recognised in good and bad performances or interactions. Attraction to negative emotions can be psychoanalytically conceived in the same way that obedience to authority provides suffering when following a perceived order, similarly concern for whether a performance is judged as good or bad by an authority limits your responsibility to understand the function of authorities and their services.


To perceive an alteration of behaviour, in yourself or another, is a symptom of an understanding of pleasure that is excludes subordination or rebellion rather than having enjoyment be the context to which disobedience or nonconformity can safely occur without influencing personality. The context that psychoanalysis provides for changes in the perception of behaviours involves a consideration of personal achievements and self-esteem, this suggests the perception of change is a representation of a decrease or increase in the frequency of achievements with measurable results. Whether or not the behaviour change is positive or negative is not due to frequency of achievements increase or decrease respectively, rather the increase in unfamiliar results produce a negative affect to the extent that the increase is perceived to be due to another’s behaviour; therefore every other unfamiliar result is perceived positively.


The idea that some experiences, or parts of your reality, are outside of your control or can occur without your knowledge and approval is produced from experience of positive reinforcement for rejecting your ideals. The potential for someone to be attracted to or afraid of experiences where they lack control or knowledge suggests that this person’s conscience has been misjudged as having an ability to reject ideals rather than being a conscious expression of their ideals. Fear is psychoanalytically conceived in regards to creating a context for associations between self-inflicted positive reinforcement (e.g. positive thinking) and the perception that one person can aid another in improving their behaviour. To assume behaviour is influenced by fearful emotions compensates for a lack of understanding in when your ideals actualise or assert itself in your experience, the expression of your ideal behaviour can be misrepresented as occurring due to fearful emotions rather than the entire emotional spectrum allowing you to express yourself in a situation.


Feelings represent desirable experiences to the extent that communication is interpreted as a means of achieving a goal. The presumption that a goal is dependent on the results of communication is a symptom of attachment to experience of restricting someone’s ability to perceive what was being communicated or that their interpretation of a communication, or some information, is significant. Experience that suggests people can, or need to, change the interpretation of their personal experience creates the idea that communicating personal feelings leads to dependency. This dependency results in misinterpreting feelings as if they promote the likelihood of communication, rather a person’s desire becomes subordinate to goals that provide a dependency wherever there was none prior to form new goals; similarly, negative emotional affect(e.g. censorship) is perceived as a good feeling when dependency becomes unconscious during the process of communication.


The belief that unconscious behaviours or thoughts are not shared between people while they’re communicating consciously, suggests that the relationship between these people is influenced by a motivation to limit emotional affect or alternative perceptions of opinions that are shared in common. This motivation to make some emotions unconscious is a representation of a desire to define an inability to express ideals as the origin of familiar perceptions, rather than maintaining conscious motivation to create the desire to express ideals. The familiarity of an inability to express ideals is unconscious to the extent that a person’s intention to influence provides shared understanding between people to create goals.


The attachment to conversations between people provides the means to create an understanding of those involved. A perceived lack of understanding towards information is a representation of desire to change the perceived interpretation. Ideals cannot change or be expressed whilst people are under the influence of the presumption that additional interpretations are in opposition to or will change their experience of some shared information or mutual understanding.



Familiarity is conceived through psychoanalysis as a context for allowing someone to search for or learn more about past interpretations that are decreasing in priority, where anticipation of an experience is mistaken for a desire to interact or provide support. This mistake prevents ideas from losing meaning and compensates for unconscious desires to limit understanding of conscious behaviour or self-esteem which arise when familiar interpretations lose their effectiveness. To expect experience to be familiar is a symptom of unsatisfied self-esteem which is presumed to be associated with a present interaction that cannot be understood. The expectation represents the desire to develop new interpretations.

[#EOEAATTATRB]
Get upset, Mythology IS THE MODERN DAY MOSES SETTING UP COMMANDMENTS FOR THOU PSYCHOANALYTICAL PERCEPTION

To assume a person’s mindset, health or esteem is influenced by present environment suggests that an intention of making unconscious behaviour conscious is being communicated, this can be seen as therapy. A pursuit for good health and esteem has been mistaken for the ability or responsibility of your ideals to determine what unconscious behaviours can sustain conscious motivations.


A desire to create value judgements of ideas, or comparing effectiveness, is a symptom of an attachment to interpretations that are decreasing in priority. This decrease is reinterpreted as an increase when a person manages to associate their ideals with the negative emotional affect they perceive when controlling conscious behaviours. Identifying exclusively with negative emotions occurs to compensate for personal reasons why ideals are rejected and promote desires to understand how someone defines judgements which, when they are being contradicted by a decrease in priority, cannot be ideal behaviour.


An improvement in conscious behaviour is associated with expressing ideal behaviour as psychoanalysis creates a context where intentions to fulfil desires are a representation of people’s ability to provide support to already established motivations. These motivations can be unconscious to the extent that desires are recognised as being unable to be influenced by other’s behaviour. People are motivated to alter other’s desires when conscious behaviours are mistaken as having an ability to change their unconscious behaviour, or limit the influence of someone else’s ideal.

OBSERVER BIAS
To perceive an interpretation as being similar, or shared, between two or more people suggests that the understanding of the interpretation is functioning to increase attention towards those involved. A common application of interpreting experience is to influence the experience itself, however in regards to the desirable emotions of the experience, interpretation only occurs to create varying intensities, or meanings, of an impression to function as the memory of the experience where subsequent behaviour expresses and increases or cannot express and decreases this variation which compensates for the desire to have the understanding provided by the experience communicated through someone’s behaviour, or lack thereof.
THE OBSERVER EFFECT


To expect interpretations of unconscious behaviour to result from a desired experienced is a symptom of attachment to understandings or effects of negative emotions. Rejecting ideals is mistaken for unconscious behaviour when people expect their desires to improve conscious behaviour. The understanding of unconscious behaviour functions to improve emotional affect in order to identify with desires that reduce resistance to ideal behaviour, this can be interpreted as developing in knowledge or skill when ideal behaviour is being expressed.


Attempts to prevent communication of the nature of your ideal behaviour is a representation of interpretations that attribute greater affect from the interpretation itself on your conscious behaviour than your ideal. This is similar to desires to communicate biochemical, environmental or psychological problems to those who have provided you with reason to want to receive your problems of this nature, especially when the reason is related to your relationship with them. Personal problems can be conceived psychoanalytically as providing a context for misunderstanding someone’s conscious behaviour as being associated with desires of a group of people. This expectation that your conscious behaviour can be interpreted as similar to other’s behaviour represents a reaction to the denial of ideals which create, for others, an understanding of their reactions that reinforce the definitions of ideal behaviour that give people the desire to dissociate or distinguish their conscious behaviour from their ideals, such as suggesting there are differences in pleasure between conscious and unconscious behaviour.


To presume someone has little to no understanding of what is in their best interest, or what is the highest priority for them, is misrepresenting the responsibility of ideals to create unconscious behaviour to compensate for conscious expressions of lacking understanding in a situation, with overwhelming or irrational emotions. The necessity, or impulse, of expressing a lack of understanding can be conceived psychoanalytically as the production of unconscious trust or faith in the context where the expression is required. The extent that the perception of lacking understanding remains outside of the misunderstood context, e.g. when no more information can be gained, is dependent on conscious motivation to communicate how the expression was effective at influencing ideals. This conscious motivation may be mistaken for unconscious behaviour and therefore maintain a sense of lacking understanding when this person is reacting negatively to rejecting ideals. What is understood as a negative, or undesirable, motivation cannot be changed as the reality of this situation provides you with means to fulfil unconscious desires that allow ideal behaviour to be expressed in a new context.


The assumption that the conscious behaviour of someone can be interpreted as ideal, or completely satisfying, is a symptom of desires that are expected to provide an interpretation of unconscious behaviour, for example a desire to improve the relationship with another whilst avoiding interaction, here desire provides means for someone to believe that another is the cause of their behaviour and through preventing communication they’re unconsciously expressing that they’re unable to maintain self awareness and dignity consistently in this relationship. Consciously intending to avoid or ignore responsibility or relationships represents desires that are decreasing in importance, caused by the affect of a unconscious desire forming with a higher priority or meaning. This identification with meaningless circumstance is understood psychoanalytically as compensating for the unconscious activity that provides the means for an interpretation to be made conscious through redefining a familiar experience, for example, or when reconsidering the influence of past interactions.



To believe interpretations can be identified with suggests that there’s a desire to create a distinction between the origin of conscious behaviours and the understanding of a community, I.e. suggesting your consciousness is nothing to do with the community. Identification is conceived psychoanalytically as the conscious expression of successfully managing to establish a moral, or desirable, situation. The understanding of a community becomes distinct from ability to establish your morals when others are perceived to be able to influence a community based upon their own management of morals or desires, similarly the originality of a person’s behaviour is desirable to the extent that interpretations do not create distinctions within a community.
[Paraphrased #SF]That is possible; but we must also bear in mind that each one of the company of brothers certainly had a wish to commit the deed by himself alone and so to create an exceptional position for himself and to find a substitute for his identification with the father which was having to be given up and which was becoming merged in the community.


To believe unconscious behaviour is more influential on personality than ideals suggests a desire to prevent some people from being a part of your community or to stop communities interacting. Influence is psychoanalytically conceived as the amount activities can be performed without concern for its purpose, rather there’s a preoccupation with the appearance in consciousness. Appearances are seen as meaningless to the extent that your community supports personal ideals. Ideal behaviour can appear to be unconscious to compensate for misunderstanding the function or purpose of your community, this allows the community to support someone’s influence regardless of their intention to participate in desirable activities. 
[Paraphrased #SF] A tradition that was based only on communication could not lead to the compulsive character that attaches to religious phenomena. It would be listened to, judged, and perhaps dismissed, like any other piece of information from outside; it would never attain the privilege of being liberated from the constraint of logical thought. It must have undergone the fate of being repressed, the condition of lingering in the unconscious, before it is able to display such powerful effects on its return, to bring the masses under its spell, as we have seen with astonishment and hitherto without comprehension in the case of religious tradition. And this consideration weighs heavily in favour of our believing that things really happened in the way we have tried to picture them or at least in some similar way.

[personal old psychoanalysis <2012]=#POP
Because we aren't really affected by good genes anymore, and various types of people reproduce consistently, the effect of good gene physical features is reduced. Therefore we can often have preferences for people with unorthodox faces, and because there is a larger variety available, the differences between the options will be larger. Due to this, people are looking more attractive as we develop natural selection

Understanding is misrepresented as requiring an interpretation when there’s an attachment to ideas about the purpose of pain or unpleasure, such as the reward they provide when endured. This allows attention to be dulled or redirected to unrelated circumstance to reduce the interest in the dissatisfying experience, increasing the sense of purpose in more pleasurable experiences that can be interpreted.
Paraphrased from [An outline of psychoanalysis (1940) #SF]
An increase in unpleasure that is expected and foreseen is met by a signal of anxiety; the occasion of such an increase, whether it threatens from without or within, is known as a danger.

The desire to express negative emotions is a symptom of being in the process of developing interpretations of ideal behaviour, where fulfilling the desire to express the negative emotion prevents interpretation and creates unconscious motivation. Negativity can be psychoanalytically conceived as the context which supports self-esteem by suggesting to their community that their actions are informative or powerful. The extent that others do not characterise you as negative is a representation of the understanding that your actions provide for their ideals within the community. Negativity can be misrepresented as ideal behaviour when the community lacks confidence in their performance, e.g. in terms of survival, this compensates for the potential within people to form influential interpretations of the community which express their ideals within the community and prevent them from perceiving the community negatively.
Paraphrased from [An outline of psychoanalysis (1940) #SF]
A person in a fit of rage will often demonstrate how the transition from aggressiveness that has been prevented to self-destructiveness is brought about by diverting the aggressiveness against himself: he tears his hair or beats his face with his fists, though he would evidently have preferred to apply this treatment to someone else. Some portion of self destructiveness remains within, whatever the circumstances; till at last it succeeds in killing the individual, not, perhaps, until his libido has been used up or fixated in a disadvantageous way.

The desire to suggest appearances are the cause of conscious behaviour is a representation of interpreting other people’s ideals as more influential in your community than your own ideal behaviour. An understanding of a person’s influence is rejected in the same way that someone will determine that an environment is not supportive of their ideals. Someone’s influence supports another when they consciously desire similar developments within a community, unconscious behaviour limits influence of those who are unsupportive within a community to establish means to share resources, such as nutrition and knowledge, regardless of ideals to compensate for some peoples’ intentions to form a new, separate community or exclusivity within the community.
Paraphrased from [An outline of psychoanalysis (1940) #SF]
We must therefore not forget to include the influence of civilisation among the determinants of neurosis. It is easy, as we can see, for a barbarian to be healthy; for a civilised man the task is hard. The desire for a powerful, uninhibited ego may seem to us intelligible; but, as we are taught by the times we live in, it is in the profoundest sense hostile to civilization. And since the demands of civilisation are represented by family upbringing, we must bear in mind the part played by this biological characteristic of the human species - the prolonged period of its childhood dependence - in the aetiology of the neuroses.

To suggest feelings provide ideas of ownership or possession is a symptom of a lack of understanding towards what is being communicated by authorities, similarly interpretations of desires without an understanding of their influence on personality represent intentions to reduce dependency upon authorities. The inability or refusal of someone to obey authorities can be psychoanalytically conceived as the fulfilment of the opportunities a community provides for authorities to influence people, in terms of their ability to support their community through exercising their authority, to give them means to express their desires to develop their personality. The extent that authorities do not desire to develop humanity or personality within their community depends on the understanding of property within a community, where interpretations of entitlement or leverage due to owning property limit understandings of the influence of personality. This compensates for some people obtaining additional resources which, if the understanding of property remains limited, will be misused or poorly utilised providing people with less property means to understand how their conscious behaviour can degenerate their ideals through unconscious obedience to authority.
Paraphrased from [An outline of psychoanalysis (1940) #SF]
This preface is not superfluous, for it can heighten our realization of the intensity of the Oedipus complex. When a boy (from the age of two or three) has entered the phallic phrase of his libidinal development, is feeling pleasurable sensations in his sexual organ and has learnt to procure these at will by manual stimulation, he becomes his mother’s lover. He wishes to possess her physically in such ways as he has divined from his observations and intuitions about sexual life, and he tries to seduce her by showing her the male organ which he is proud to own. In a word, his early awakened masculinity seeks to take his father’s place with her; his father has hitherto in any case been an envied model to the boy, owing to the physical
strength he perceives in him and the authority with which he finds him clothed. His father now becomes a rival who stands in his way and whom he would like to get rid of. If while his father is away he is allowed to share his mother’s bed and if when his father returns he is once more banished from it, his satisfaction when his father disappears and his disappointment when he emerges again are deeply felt experiences. This is the subject of the Oedipus complex, which the Greek legend has translated from the world of a child’s phantasy into pretended reality. Under the conditions of our civilization it is invariably doomed to a frightening end.

To suggest past experience is the cause of personal misunderstandings represents a desire to get people to consciously agree to your ideals. The idea that conscious agreement is necessary to express ideal behaviour compensates for tendencies to behave unconsciously when ideal opportunities are presented to you. 
Paraphrased from [An outline of psychoanalysis (1940) #SF]
Those who have a liking for generalizations and sharp distinctions may say that the external world, in which the individual finds himself exposed after being detached from his parents, represents the power of the present; that his id, with its inherited trends, represents the organic past; and that the super-ego, which comes to join them later, represents more than anything the cultural past, which a child has, as it were, to repeat as an after-experience during the few years of his early life. It is unlikely that such generalizations can be universally correct. Some portion of the
cultural acquisitions have undoubtedly left a precipitate behind them in the id; much of what is contributed by the super-ego will awaken an echo in the id; not a few of the child’s new experiences will be intensified because they are repetitions of some primaeval phylogenetic experience.

[#POP <2012]
Everything an individual perceives is an old interpretation of their reality or a particular subject.

Opportunity can be conceived through psychoanalysis by regarding the thoughts about an experience; potential, hypothetical or otherwise, as representing the process which allows conscious behaviour to become unconscious, which represents ideals being applied consciously. The extent that an experience is not seen as ideal is due to thoughts being misrepresented as unconscious behaviour rather than assertions of conscious actions, I.e. thoughts do not arise from the unconscious rather they are expressed as you are in line with your ideals. 
Paraphrased from [An outline of psychoanalysis (1940) #SF]
We find our way to the understanding (interpretation) of a dream by assuming that what we recollect as the dream after we have woken up is not the true dream-process but only a façade behind which that process lies concealed. Here we have our distinction between the manifest content of a dream and the latent dream-thoughts. The process which produces the former out of the latter is described as the dreamwork. The study of the dream-work teaches us by an excellent example the way in which unconscious material from the id (originally unconscious and repressed unconscious alike) forces its way into the ego, becomes preconscious and, as a result of the ego’s opposition, undergoes the changes which we know as
dream-distortion. There are no features of a dream which cannot be explained in this way

[#POP <2012]
Energy-based thoughts, molecules have reason/choice/cause. Unrelated to us. I think therefore I perceive to achieve independently, our death was once adaptive, to limit our exposure the physical reality that ultimately determines the condition of our consciousness for as long as we live there. This is perfection, a solution to a problem cryptic and hopefully non-scientific. A result of our current lack of abilities evolutionary or otherwise, is a forfeiture of them. 