[Real Pope]

He’s policeman and boss, prostitute and pimp, the pope.
No one racist: believing race is anything other than mythology; making claims about what emotion someone expresses, is outside of his oppressive rule.
He makes retarded scum feel useful (and that the pope is useful) by making them jesters, clowns, entertainers.


Through fighting and supporting terrorism the pope allows all retarded and scummy acts to thrive.
He is the currency that retarded scum value.
The pope puts the weak against the strong. To make the weak strong he uses paedophilia to make the strong weak.

To support the pope is to choose between confusion and knowledge, trust and truth, suffering and censorship.
To be supported by the pope is to be possessed by demons, evil, financial motivations or concerns.
Developing what you know about the foundations, or fundamentals, of your experience of life exposes the reality of the pope.

The present pope is the foundation for retarded scum, the past and future pope’s act as the bleach that isn’t effective.
All of retarded scum’s values can be seen as being on a spectrum of distance, in terms of respect, imitation or appreciation, to the pope.
Obedience to the pope defines all physical properties: inanimate and animate, nourishing and comforting, hallucinatory and historical. 

Retarded scum are only conscious of the pope, all their conscious behaviour (including explanations) serves the pope.
Retarded scum are hypnotised by the pope’s position, hallucinating about how it feels different to be in that position.
Retarded scum see other people’s experience as providing them with different, or new, things that make them feel more like the pope.

Thinking the pope is influential prevents you from understanding how to feel and express everything.
Avoiding or trying to confuse people you believe are good is how the pope affects the world telekinetically and telepathically.
Thinking about what the pope does, or his opinion on activities, is the only emotion the pope televises and provides the world a telescope for.

It is sensible to reassure yourself nothing is too good to be true and everything that turns out better than expected is an experience of you overcoming, or invalidating the privilege, of the pope’s rule.
The sense that people can imagine what it’s like if they were the pope is the reason why people think they can sense an emotion.
Believing your actions can negatively effect someone, or that pain represents damage to health, suggests you have been convinced that you have a sense of who the pope is.

Feeling like someone is being influenced by the pope does not mean they cannot work against, subvert, subdue or oppress him.
Retarded scum can be unconscious of the bleach being applied to them if they restrict their retarding of the community to areas that most benefit from the rule of the pope.
Not knowing how you’re expressing your ideal, achieving your aspirations or interpreting what’s in front of you can only occur when you want to know how, why, what(with), when and where the pope has been influencing you, I.e. the details of the fact.

People are deceiving themselves when they claim the pope does not have a negative impact on their self esteem and that their self image is not based on what they know the pope will approve of.
For those outside, or superior, to the pope’s rule, the pope and his subjects are currency and the economy.
Claiming religion has nothing to do with reality suggests you are not able to overcome the desire to be in the pope’s position or his oppression.

Thinking someone can consume something to produce a remembered feeling, sensation or mind state creates the idea that being influenced by the pope’s rule makes your relationships better with others being influenced by his rule.
Claiming your speech, or conversation, completely represents what you’re doing, communicates what you’re doing or can change what you’re doing suggests you are attached to the experience of having an authority tell someone what to do, imaging that the pope is the highest or holy authority.
All authorities providing services in the world are influenced by the pope’s rule.

The way someone talks is only seen to matter when you are being influenced by the pope.
Claiming something you do for finance, not out of passion but obligation or responsibility, something that isn’t your favourite activity, is one of the only things that you can perform sensibly, optimally or in a way that is benefiting the community prevents you from attempting to overcome or invalidate the privilege of the pope’s position.
Thinking people find talking to yourself, speaking on the behalf others or talking without expecting a response, as abnormal or unhealthy produces the sense that an image, activity or symbol has different meanings (creating different affects) in every person; this telekinetically creates the impression that someone does not want to know (therefore will reject or abuse) what others mean by something.

Believing your ancestors past lives that brought your parents to giving birth to you cannot be related to your early life, as you formed ideas of memory, life or personality creates the means for you to claim you cannot do something for too long, needing a break in between, or need to have more unimportant things in your life than the important things, as if this rarity grants the importance.
The pope is the most degenerate retarded scum, providing other retarded scum with the opportunity to retard the community through allowing them to claim he has authority or influence over them, people supporting or serving him and information of history or humanity hidden from them.
To claim you need a personality to influence the community propagates, continuing or producing hallucinations, with a suggestion that hypnotises people to make unconscious their servitude to the pope, the idea that you think others have a better life than you.

Believing you are referring to someone negatively or are expressing an emotion towards them produces the sense that someone is speechless or unable to move.
Forgiving someone through conversation creates the means for you to believe you have several options to choose from, provided by the pope and his subjects, rather than developing your experience, understanding of humanity or your community.
Claiming that retarded scum have a value suggests you’ve been using the pope as a telescope to see how other people are televised, presenting themselves to the world.

Believing that you’ve fulfilled a desire you’ve been thinking about, a problem or an activity you’ve been wanting to complete, prevents you from understanding how your relationships can develop which is compensated by further oppression, being hypnotised or impressed, by the pope.
Focusing on something in front of you suggests you believe you’re an authority or have superior knowledge of what you’re focusing on, as if it doesn’t have a life or reality of its own, suggesting it is property of the pope and that you remain under the influence of the pope’s rule through this focus.
Claiming you prefer one way or style of activity over every other confuses people about the way you serve the pope, his position and influence, as the description or expression of your preference is restricted to making you appear as if you’ve experienced all lifestyles, ignoring future developments, and selflessly (or charitably) value (or praise), suggesting you prefer what cannot be created by yourself.

Believing the activity you’re doing is making you uncomfortable suggests you have mistaken your loyalty to the pope for a biological stress or panic (fight or flight) response.
Seeing someone do something you thought you wanted to do shows you that everyone under the influence of the pope has the same role or job of creating suffering for those unconscious of their relationships with others. 
The difference or distinctions made between things in your environment or memory suggests you are thinking about serving the pope, but don’t have the confidence in your integrity, experience or maturity in your familial relations to acknowledge the opportunity or lack thereof provided to you by those who care about you more than they care about the pope.

Wanting to make sure you have made a satisfying decision suggests the environment is seen as preventing you from developing your senses which shows how the pope has influenced his subjects to behave in a way that makes the pope appear more dominant, knowledgeable or trustworthy than he is.
To be unable to accept that your body is not fully sensed, felt nor analogous or controlled by your mind and opinions, emotions or desires provides means to allow people to claim you enjoy or benefit from the fact that they’re under the influence of the pope.
Refusing to develop the form or function of what you use in your community creates means for the pope to present himself as if he has an understanding of his subject’s personality, ideals and environment.

The superior (top) section of your body is sensed as more dense, controlled or limited than the inferior (bottom) section of your body as the sense of touch being thought of as less than a feeling, or informed by sight, smell, hearing or taste, creates the desire to be attracted to things which are top-heavy, toppling over or topological (spatial relations defined by the surface).
Every single emotion you believe is not your own creation or responsibility, that you direct to the world, is actually meant for and is being misdirected by the pope; in this case your emotions directed to the pope are actually meant for you.
Wanting to savour, rescue or withdraw something in your environment suggests you are rejecting your ability to create criteria for situations that benefit your community, rather these criteria are assumed to have already been taken into account by the pope and are enforced by his subjects.

Thinking that approaching the same situation or repeating the same activity allows you to learn more about, developing, yourself creates the sense that the opportunities you’ve taken or supported have produced pain, confusion or bad relationships, here the supporting structure is explained by the pope’s subjects and cannot be fused with any other sense’s supporting structure unless you understand that the pope’s subjects are degenerating.
Claiming words rhyme is a representation of thoughts about your environment that prevent you from expressing yourself and, when rhymes or metaphors are disbelieved, paralyse you entirely; the pope asks this of his subjects to avoid conflict with them in terms of providing them with the content or understanding of words that can be developed rather than defined in a way that restricts its use.
Thoughts are not created, maintained or ended verbally rather, when they appear to be, you are attempting to describe or ascribe an appearance in your environment with the personality that you’re developing, the quality that you value or the responsibility of understanding humanity in order to rationalise or validate your perception of the pope.

Claiming your actions are inconsequential, insignificant or ineffective suggests you believe the pope is in the most glorified and supported position in the world but less glorious people are more interesting to you.
Not enjoying your interpretations of something shows you how the pope’s subjects have been attempting to make you praise, support or acknowledge the pope’s influence over them in order to convince you that you weren’t being normal.
Claiming one side of an argument is more effective, sensible or understandable than the other prevents people from explaining how an argument like this, with many conclusions that may come from it or that resolve conflict to create certainty, functions to provide the pope with means to communicate to his subjects in a way that discourages them from aspiring to be in the pope’s position.

The sense that you are interacting with, living in or for and entertained by the world causes people to be retarded as they need someone to tell them what is physically possible who aren’t able to make the object in question possible, I.e. existing and supported by everything else that exists, itself, or who can at the same time suggest they were not responsible for any developments related to the object and are rather involved in being retarded, by being motivated to do nothing, as well as imagining what their life would be like if they lived in a way that gave them access to the object and an influence over it’s development.
The sense that you are meaningless, I.e. your existence, unnoticed or unsupported prevents you from being conscious of the influence the pope has over you. This happens as you focus, appreciate and criticise yourself in order to entertain or provide information to other people or the world you’re familiar with. The affect this has on your understanding of the community, I.e. everything’s existence, is dependent on how important or favourable you believe the current state or stage of the relationships you have with people familiar to you are. When you prefer someone viewing you as helping, inspiring or leading them you will create a sense of meaninglessness for the interactions you have with people who do not want to claim you’re helping them, this includes mutually beneficial relationships where the definition of the relationship is ambiguous yet the compassion between the two is the foundation for either person’s understanding of whether they are providing help, or just the potential to do so.
The sense that you are giving your attention to something, or did not have your attention on something, in your environment causes you to mistake your retarded scum behaviour with the application of bleach onto the retarded scum in the community. This happens because you ignore the understanding you have of your experience or community in order to believe you are only aware of(as you are focusing on) a fraction of the community or your environment. Where an application of bleach is justified after it happens prevents further applications of bleach to retarded scum in the community who are likely needing a more potent bleach in order to stop them from being scum completely.

Things naturally occur to facilitate the excess of imagination possessed by the pope, I.e. things behave in a way that he can imagine. Therefore things naturally develop in spite of what the pope can imagine as long as it involves factors related to what the pope can imagine.
The charisma or magnetism of the pope is cultivated by him when he dares or imagines to do something he is not going to do. It is arbitrary how much he knows about the probability of any circumstance because there’s people who support the pope from every communicable circumstance.